datetime,title,body,tickers,url
2022-06-04 15:00:00,"Amid rising inflation, what should investors look for when choosing dividend stocks?","Amid rising inflation, what should investors look for when choosing dividend stocks?With inflation high and the stock market full of volatility, dividends can be a bit of shelter from the storm for investors.Dividends are payments made by publicly traded companies to their shareholders.Beyond the dictionary definition, though, they can be an important tool for portfolio growth (particularly if you opt to reinvest your dividends to buy additional stock shares). Dividend payments can provide income for shareholders of all ages. And financial planners say they’re particularly helpful for retirees because they supplement cash flow from government programs like Social Security benefits — as well as workplace or personal retirement savings.As bond yields decline — U.S. Treasury yields fell sharply at the end of May — many investors are turning to dividend-paying stocks as a way to replace more conventional fixed-income products that are normally part of a diverse portfolio. Some dividend stocks can even consistently increase their payout year after year.So Investing in dividend stocks can be like getting a pay raise. That’s something that's much-needed for investors with inflation at 40-year highs.How dividends are paidDividends are paid on a regular basis, often quarterly, to share profits with stockholders. They can be paid out as either cash or in the form of additional stock.Shareholders will receive a dollar amount or percentage for each share they own. For example, if the company pays a $1.50 cash dividend per share, and you own 40 shares, you’ll receive $60 over the year.Dividends can be a win-win for investors and companiesNot every company pays shareholder dividends — a lot of them hold onto their profits and reinvest in the company instead.Shareholders who want to receive dividends need to buy the stock before what’s called the ex-dividend date — essentially a cutoff date that ensures they’re eligible for the payments. Shareholders who might be considering selling their stock shares must hold them until the ex-dividend date if they want to receive their dividends.Story continuesThe dividend yield, the amount a company pays out per share, is set by the board of directors, which also has to approve every dividend payment.There are two main reasons for companies to issue dividends. They reward investors for holding onto the stock, and the regular income attracts new investors, which serves to drive up the company’s stock price over time.The Oracle of Omaha himself, Berkshire Hathaway CEO Warren Buffett, has made a lot of money from dividend stocks.In fact, a large chunk of Berkshire Hathaway’s Berkshire’s holdings are now dividend-paying companies.If you’re wondering what stocks to buy, you might consider some of the companies Buffett added to his portfolio in the first quarter of 2022.Choosing dividend-paying stocksWhen a company pays dividends, it can be a sign that it has consistent cash flow and expects a steady income stream. It can also indicate a company is financially stable.Dividends are often held up as a sign of a company’s maturity, because firms that are still in their growth phase generally have to use most, or all, of their cash to fund expansion.When considering whether to buy a dividend stock, financial advisers say investors should look at a company’s payment track record. Things to look for include:Does the company have an established history of offering dividends?Have its payments remained stable and increased over time, or has the company occasionally cut its payout?What percentage yield does it offer? Is that number realistic or does it seem unsustainable? Experts say a good rule of thumb would be a maximum dividend of 4% — but that’s not to say that yields can’t sometimes be double that percentageWhat’s the payout ratio — or the percentage of its earnings the company returns to shareholders? While a high ratio like 80% may excite investors, experts say such elevated percentages are also cause for caution. Giving away a high percentage of earnings could lead to future dividend cuts. A payout ratio around 50% is more likely to be sustainable. And, if you’re using dividends to replace fixed-income investments like bonds, that’s what you want.More from MoneyWise3 simple ways to invest in real estate without the headaches of buying a houseInflation adds to financial stress this year — but should it change how you invest?UBS: 5 simple steps to protect your portfolio amid the escalating Ukraine-Russia warThis article provides information only and should not be construed as advice. It is provided without warranty of any kind.",,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/amid-rising-inflation-investors-look-150000817.html
2022-06-06 12:16:34,"Dow Jones Futures: What To Do As Market Rally Falls, Holds Key Levels; Apple News On Tap","Dow Jones futures point to a rebound for the market rally, with Chinese and solar stocks among the leaders. Apple WWDC starts.","^DJI,^GSPC,^RUT,COMP,AAPL,NOC,DLTR,TSLA",https://finance.yahoo.com/m/277d9360-e7df-3369-ba49-3de3767dedd8/dow-jones-futures-what-to-do.html
2022-06-04 13:20:36,Former First Lady Michelle Obama Has Literally Moved Markets With Her Fashion Choices,"Former First Lady Michelle Obama has quietly been a titan of business earning a $70 million through deals with Spotify, Netflix and even influencing the fashion industry.According to Vanity Fair, in her eight years as the first lady, Obama drove more than $2 billion to the “retail sector” with her fashion choices alone and companies saw “a 2.3 percent stock gain when she dons their products—five times that of a typical celebrity endorsement.”It’s not the first time a Michelle Obama endorsement has led to more money for a brand. When she and former President Barack Obama signed their Spotify deal in 2020 the streaming platform’s stock jumped five percent and led to a boost in subscribers.“Spotify’s total monthly active users and premium subscribers both increased by 31% year over year, to 286 million and 130 million, respectively, in the first quarter,” Nasdaq reported.Despite the success of the Spotify deal, it was fashion where Obama made her mark. Because she wasn’t paid to wear brands according to David Yermak of the Harvard Business Review, women who turned to the first lady for their fashion choices were able to put more stock into what she wore.“The stock price gains of the companies whose clothes she wore in public appearances—29 brands in all—are cumulative abnormal returns. That is, the returns cannot be attributed to normal market variations,” Yermak wrote. “Some companies that sell clothes that Obama frequently wears, such as Saks, have realized long-term gains.”Additionally, Obama has a knack for mixing expensive, exclusive fashion with everyday items from stores such as J. Crew and Ann Taylor.The Obamas also have a deal with Netflix, which streams her puppet show that teaches children about healthy eating, Waffles + Mochi.The former first lady is still hard at work, helping girls of all races to follow in her footsteps through the Girls Opportunity Alliance which seeks to empower adolescent girls around the world through education, allowing them to achieve their full potential and transform their families, communities, and countries. ",SPOT,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/former-first-lady-michelle-obama-132036483.html
2022-06-04 13:00:00,"For Intangible-Asset Craze, It’s Midnight in the Stock Market","(Bloomberg) -- An idea and a dream. Time was in markets, that’s all you’d need. But now the easy money has stopped flowing, and good luck if it’s all you’ve got.Most Read from BloombergWhy Peak Inflation Is Near, According to Experts Who Bet on Short-Lived Price RisesRussia Hits Kyiv With Missiles; Putin Warns West on ArmsSaudis Raise Oil Prices More Than Expected Amid Asia ReboundUS May Allow More Iran Oil to Flow Even Without Deal, Says VitolStocks Rise as China Reopening Offsets Rate Fears: Markets WrapAnd while the travails of profitless companies are well known to anyone who’s watched the Nasdaq plunge this year, the extent to which such firms have come to clog the equity landscape is only beginning to be understood. New research shows that over the last five decades, the percentage of US firms trading publicly with zero earnings has more than tripled to more than half of the total market.Until very recently, they were the belle of the stock-market ball, intangible-asset-laden businesses like Uber and Airbnb -- built not on factories or resources, but ideas -- unleashed in the hope something will catch on and make them the next Facebook or Google. All of which is fine when times are good. When optimism dries up and the market appetites switch from hot intellectual property to cold hard cash, intangible-laden companies have started to become a luxury no one can afford.US public firms with negative net earnings reached a record at the end of 2020, accounting for 62% of the group, compared with 18% in 1970, according to a new paper by University of Minnesota academic. Unsurprisingly, the trend is strongest among newly minted companies, with 77% of initial public offerings not making money when they came to market in 2019. That’s up from 24% in 1980.It’s not just in tech. Unprofitable companies have flourished everywhere, from farms to electric cars. Their numbers are multiplying fast in the heart of the real economy: manufacturing. Around 63% of US publicly listed manufacturers didn’t turn a profit in 2020, compared with 19% in 1970. Their numbers include household names like Casper Sleep and Peloton.Story continuesThe proliferation of money-losing public firms is being driven not just by tolerance among investors, but an overt preference for a certain kind of loss-making firm: one built on intangible assets, the author suggests. Businesses are being encouraged to sell stock years before they’re profitable because of a belief that some formula or idea will gradually attract a network of users that will one day prove exceedingly valuable.To see the connection, the study measures characteristics tied to intangible assets -- elevated customer-spending and research and development expenses -- and plots them against loss-making firms. It finds a very high correlation between the two, suggesting most of these companies went public on the assumption their intangible assets will one day pay off in earnings.“This is a long-term trend due to some economic fundamental changes,” said Dan Su, a PhD graduate from the University of Minnesota and author of the paper. “But if we focus on the business-cycle perspective, monetary policy is important for these companies’ market valuation as they cannot make positive profits until many years later.”Investors were quick to follow and quick to exit. In the US, the biggest 100 unprofitable companies as of 2019 gained more than 130% in the three years prior to their February 2021 peak, according to data compiled by Su and Bloomberg. Since that high, those firms have plunged 65% while the Russell 1000 gained 1.8% in the same 16-month period. From the peak in the gauge, the returns are minus 38% and minus 15%, respectively.The rapid growth came at a time when private equity flush with cash was willing to bankroll loss-making companies like Uber and WeWork -- businesses years away from being profitable, but that promised the scale to one day rewire and dominate existing industries. That was the bet, and the cash to fund them was dirt cheap.“You basically win more by growing faster and if you grow faster you are not required to be profitable, because then that’s a drag on growth,” said Peter Garnry, head of equity strategy at Saxo Bank A/S.A lot has changed since -- even among the biggest believers. From Uber chief Dara Khosrowshahi saying that “the market is experiencing a seismic shift” and announcing cost cuts in a letter obtained by CNBC to Bill Gurley of venture capital firm Benchmark warning that the process of shifting perceptions on valuations formed during the bull market could be “painful, surprising, and unsettling to many.”That pain is already on display as the tide goes out on easy-money liquidity that kept profitless companies aloft and inflated their valuations. These days, investors want cash-rich companies, not cash burners built on hopes.As low interest rates fostered the boom in unprofitable companies, the reverse -- higher rates -- suggests their demise. Loss-making tech firms have erased pandemic gains as the Federal Reserve steps up its fight against inflation.The avenues to take profitless companies public are also shrinking. Worldwide, proceeds in the market for IPOs sank 75% in the first quarter compared with a year earlier. So far in the second quarter, fund-raising is less than any other on record both globally and in the US.It’s not all bad news though. Business models and ways of exploiting digital technologies have improved dramatically since the dotcom bubble, and there will be survivors, according to Garnry at Saxo Bank.“Inside these massive casualties, there will be companies -- that are now down 90% -- that long-term will have a very interesting business model,” he said.Su argues that conditions are different from two decades ago because of lasting changes in how society and companies function. The intangible economy’s tentacles reach beyond tech, growing more pronounced in nine of 10 industries, Su analyzed. That means it may be more than just an easy-money phenomenon.“We are likely to see more highly valued firms with negative net earnings now and also in the future,” he said. “We will see more Amazon-like or Tesla-like firms with massive profits come much later. This shouldn’t be interpreted as bubbles.”Most Read from Bloomberg BusinessweekUkraine’s Tactics Are Showing Smaller Countries How to Fight BackOz Won by Ditching the Oprahverse for Trump and Planet HannitySheryl Sandberg’s ‘Lean In’ Missed What Most Women NeededIn Seattle’s Burning Hot Real Estate Market, It’s A.I. or BustSeven Ways to Beat Burnout and Get Your Career Back on Track©2022 Bloomberg L.P.",UBER,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/intangible-asset-craze-midnight-stock-130000605.html
2022-06-04 13:00:00,Mortgage rates fall a third week in a row as housing market tilts in homebuyers’ favor,"Mortgage rates fell again this week amid relentless inflation and persistent doubt around the health of the U.S. economy.The rate drop — the third in as many weeks — was slight but still meaningful given rising home prices and generally higher borrowing costs.America’s most popular home loan — the 30-year fixed mortgage — is still significantly more expensive than it was last year.That’s eating away at consumers’ buying power and beginning to stifle demand.“Heading into the summer, the potential homebuyer pool has shrunk, supply is on the rise and the housing market is normalizing,” Sam Khater, Freddie Mac’s chief economist, said Thursday in the housing giant’s weekly rate update.“This is welcome news following unprecedented market tightness over the last couple years.”30-year fixed-rate mortgagesThe average rate on a 30-year fixed mortgage is averaging 5.09%, down just a touch from 5.1% last week, Freddie Mac reports.A year ago at this time, the 30-year rate was averaging 2.99%.With the 30-year rate now more than 2 percentage points higher than last year, home shoppers are facing a stark new reality.“Homebuyers need to earn about $30,000 more if they want to buy the typical home now compared to a year ago,” says Nadia Evangelou, senior economist for the National Association of Realtors.15-year fixed-rate mortgagesThe 15-year fixed rate mortgage was up slightly this week to 4.32%, compared with 4.31% a week ago, Freddie Mac says. Last year at this time, the 15-year rate averaged 2.27%.Rates, in general, have been rising as the Federal Reserve scrambles to beat back inflation. Its efforts have raised borrowing costs for a bevy of consumer loans.Applications to take out new home loans and refinance existing ones have been on the decline. Applications fell 2.3% last week, according to the Mortgage Bankers Association.“Mortgage applications decreased to the lowest level since December 2018, as the purchase market continues to struggle with supply and affordability challenges,” the association’s Joel Kan says.Story continues5-year adjustable-rate mortgagesThe average rate on a five-year adjustable-rate mortgage — commonly known as a 5-year ARM — averaged 4.04% this week, down from 4.2% a week ago.Last year at this time, the 5-year ARM was averaging 2.64%.Interest rates on ARMs are set for a period of time and then adjust annually over the remaining term of the loan. ARMs typically follow the direction of the prime rate, so the rate on an ARM can go up sharply once the adjustments begin.That said, if you’re not planning to own your home for long, an ARM can be a smart bet since these loans usually have lower initial interest rates. And if rates were to fall, you could always consider refinancing into a longer-term loan with a lower rate.What this all means for the housing marketAs with any asset, higher prices and bulkier borrowing costs generally mean slower demand.Existing home sales, new home sales and pending home sales all fell in April, according to Realtor.com. The nation’s ultra-tight housing inventory is softening.“While inventory is still low by historical standards, it is starting to tilt in a more buyer-friendly direction,” says Hannah Jones, economic research analyst for Realtor.com.“This is likely to lead to slower price growth in the not-so-distant future as sellers compete for buyers, finally creating a more balanced market.”Indeed, more than one in five home sellers dropped their asking prices last month, the highest rate since October 2019, according to a new report from real estate firm Redfin.Still, buyers shouldn’t assume all will turn in their favor.“Mortgage rates are now stabilizing and homes remain in short supply, so while we do expect home-price growth rates to decline, we don’t expect prices to fall much at the national level,” says Chen Zhao, Redfin’s economic research lead.“For homebuyers trying to determine the best timing this year, the main benefit of waiting is that there may be less competition as supply starts to build up.”More from MoneyWiseLow risk, high reward: Here's how the low-volatility anomaly can lead to surprisingly superior returnsInflation adds to financial stress this year — but should it change how you invest?UBS: 5 simple steps to protect your portfolio amid the escalating Ukraine-Russia warThis article provides information only and should not be construed as advice. It is provided without warranty of any kind.",,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/mortgage-rates-fall-third-week-130000473.html
2022-06-04 12:42:39,"Northrop Grumman, Eli Lilly Lead 5 Stocks Near Buy Points Geared For This Economy",Eli Lilly and Northrop Grumman lead five stocks near buy points that are solid bets to withstand the coming Federal Reserve-induced slowdown.,"ASH,HWM-P,LLY,NOC",https://finance.yahoo.com/m/6775d856-7db1-3668-80dd-870981109378/northrop-grumman-eli-lilly.html
2022-06-04 12:30:00,Idris Elba economics: Yale professor uses ‘The Wire’s’ Stringer Bell to teach competitive markets,"Elasticity of demand, market saturation, and competitive differentiation are all topics one could expect to learn in business school or an economics course. It’s a lot less normal to learn about these concepts on HBO, much less from a West Baltimore drug kingpin.But that’s exactly what The Wire delivered through the iconic character Stringer Bell, played by Idris Elba. He did it so well that Yale School of Management professor Florian Ederer has used Bell’s story to help explain competition to his MBA students, in slides he shared online Friday morning, one day after the 20th anniversary of the show’s debut.""I used them in class to illustrate common fundamental questions and principles of competitive strategy, and try to bring them to life with different examples of business situations from The Wire,"" Ederer tells Fortune.One of the clips from the series that Ederer shared with his slides shows Bell trying to expand his drug-dealing horizons by taking a college economics class. In the clip, he asks his professor, Mr. Lucas, “What are the options when you’ve got an inferior product in an aggressive marketplace?” Bell and his professor talk through three different options, and Bell ultimately ends up working with his team of gangsters to rename and repackage a product, in this case a drug, that wasn’t selling well before.Ederer, whose course is titled Competitive Strategy and has the highest enrollment of any elective offered in the Yale School of Management's MBA program, says there is a great lesson in horizontal versus vertical differentiation here. Horizontal differentiation refers to differences in taste and vertical differentiation is ""when something is clearly of better quality.""Bell’s professor first suggests buying up the competition, which Ederer points out is horizontal integration. But that isn’t a viable option in Bell’s situation because the competition, after all, is rival gangs.Lucas’s next suggestion is to lower the product’s cost, unaware the product in question is a street drug known as “death grip.” But Bell implies that his overhead is too high to endure the losses and potential hit in credibility. “Price competition has already squeezed any remaining profit margins,” Ederer’s slides explain.Story continuesThe Wire's classroom conversation ends with the idea of rebranding—Lucas cites the example of WorldCom, which renamed itself to MCI and was eventually acquired by Verizon. Bell proceeds to parlay this message to his team. After realizing they are unfamiliar with the telecom company, he uses an example more familiar in their world to explain concepts of differentiation and rebranding. In this case, the example was how someone with a criminal record might lie about their name if pulled over by a cop. Together they set their new market strategy and positioning for ""death grip"" by changing colors on the containers of the drugs they sell so that it seems different from the inferior version.Ederer says these economic principles apply ""just as much when we study the competition between Google and Amazon. He adds, ""I think it's a strong pedagogical device to show people that a lot of this is general.""As for changing the packaging on the drugs, Ederer says it speaks to consumer perception. ""It's not so much about real differentiation"" he says, but ""perceived differentiation, which is brought up beautifully.""In the end, he said in a recent Twitter post that he's sad that few of his MBA students have seen The Wire, and that campus climate has changed so much that it's ""no longer optimal to show clips of this masterpiece in class.” He added that he still shares the clips as “optional reading” and occasionally gets emails from former students saying they watched the show because of him.The Wire is one of the most lauded television shows in history, praised for its honest portrayal of some misunderstood worlds, including gangs, police departments, public education, and city council in Baltimore. The show did not win any major awards but is still revered two decades after its initial release.The University of Chicago's law school has also hosted a symposium using the show to teach criminal procedure, and Ederer notes that many of his colleagues in other fields share his passion for the show and how it's applicable to many different subjects.This story was originally featured on Fortune.com",,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/idris-elba-economics-yale-professor-123000051.html
2022-06-04 12:30:00,A stock market indicator is now closer to a buy signal than sell for the first time since 2020,"Jenny Chang/Insider; Getty ImagesA Wall Street indicator is looking more bullish as investors search for signs that the current sell-off has nearly run its course.Bank of America's Sell Side Indicator dipped to 55.0% in May from a downwardly revised 55.7% in April.That marks the fifth consecutive decline and puts the SSI closer to a buy signal than a sell signal for time since September 2020.A stock market indicator is looking increasingly bullish as investors search for signs that the current sell-off has nearly run its course — potentially marking a green light for renewed buying.Bank of America's Sell Side Indicator, which tracks the average recommended allocation to stocks by US sell-side strategists, dipped to 55.0% in May from a downwardly revised 55.7% in April.The latest reading marks the fifth consecutive monthly decline and puts the SSI closer to a buy signal than a sell signal for time since September 2020, when the S&P 500 began a 30% rally over the next year, according to a note from BofA analysts led by Savita Subramanian.BofA said the SSI shows sentiment has soured but doesn't yet indicate capitulation, or the point that is seen by some as the bottom of a sell-off where investors throw in the towel.Still, when the SSI has been this close or closer to a buy signal, the S&P 500's near-term returns have historically been positive 96% of the time, the analysts said.""In our view, there are reasons to be constructive in the near-term (especially amid bearish sentiment), but continued volatility is likely,"" they said. ""We recommend sticking with High Quality and a mix of defensive and inflation/rates beneficiaries.""The optimism comes as the Federal Reserve moves to tighten monetary policy further amid high inflation. The Fed hiked rates by 50 basis points on May 4, and signaled that further increases of similar size will continue until inflation comes back down to its 2% target.Fed Chair Jerome Powell doubled down on such sentiments, telling the Wall Street Journal that the central bank ""will go until we feel we're at a place where we can say financial conditions are in an appropriate place.""Story continuesBut some of the underlying factors behind inflation may be out of the central bank's control, with BlackRock's Larry Fink saying much of the current situation has more to do with underlying policy and supply problems that won't be quickly fixed with tightening.""You can argue that fiscal and monetary policy excesses helped give rise to inflation, but there are several supply-side factors such as supply chain and logistics bottlenecks, depressed labor force participation, and higher energy and food prices, that have had a more pronounced impact on inflation,"" said Richard F. Moody, chief economist at Regions Financial.Read the original article on Business Insider",,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/stock-market-indicator-now-closer-123000928.html
2022-06-09 02:08:54,5 Best Chinese Stocks To Buy And Watch: China Covid Lockdowns End,"Hundreds of Chinese companies are listed on U.S. markets. But which are the best Chinese stocks to buy or watch right now? Among the best are JD.com, NetEase, Li Auto, Xpeng and BYD Co.. China is the world's most-populous nation and the second-largest economy, with a booming urban middle class and amazing entrepreneurial activity.","BABA,^GSPC,BYDDY,JD,XPEV,^HSI,LI",https://finance.yahoo.com/m/e074e541-a391-3d14-a74d-dcf58539eb5c/5-best-chinese-stocks-to-buy.html
2022-06-04 10:30:00,3 signs the housing market is slowing down,"As mortgage rates rise, more homebuyers are sitting on the sidelines. Prices in most markets aren't declining yet.Getty ImagesThe red-hot U.S. real estate market of the last two years has reached a turning point.Three key factors are impacting some changes to buyer and seller behavior.As dynamics shift, there are signs the housing market is slowing down.The housing market's dynamics are shifting.Since 2020, American home buyers have battled for the nation's limited amount of housing inventory and eager home sellers raised their prices to historical highs.Spurred on by cheap mortgage debt and the need for more space, intense buyer competition resulted in bidding wars that crushed housing affordability — especially for first-time home buyers.With inflation at a forty-year high and consumer sentiment at a decade low, American consumers are grappling with rising costs and becoming increasingly wary of homeownership.As the housing market's white hot demand fizzles out, experts told Insider there are two key signs the real estate market is cooling off.Higher mortgage rates are curbing demandOver the past two years, record low mortgage rates have enticed many buyers to seek out  homeownership — but pandemic-era mortgage deals have come to a close.Despite falling slightly in May, mortgage rates are much higher than they were in 2021. According to Freddie Mac, the average U.S. fixed rate for a 30-year mortgage came in at 5.09% this week, falling from a pandemic high of 5.30% but a notable increase from a pandemic low of 2.68% in December 2020.As mortgage rates put additional pressure on housing costs, more and more homebuyers are sitting on the sidelines — and it's putting a lid on the housing market's unprecedented demand.""Mortgage rates continued to inch downward this week but are still significantly higher than last year, affecting affordability and purchase demand,"" Sam Khater, chief economist at Freddie Mac, told Insider. ""Heading into the summer, the potential homebuyer pool has shrunk, supply is on the rise and the housing market is normalizing.""Story continuesPrices are declining in some marketsWith buyers becoming increasingly priced out of the market, house price growth has begun to moderate in certain areas of the country.This is because price drops have become more common as sellers reset their price expectations. ""The picture of a softening housing market is becoming more clear, especially to home sellers who are increasingly turning to price drops as buyers become more cost-conscious under higher mortgage rates,"" Daryl Fairweather, chief economist at  Redfin, said in a statement.According to Redfin, 19.1% of home sellers dropped their asking price during the four week period ending May 22 — marking the highest level since October 2019.""Many places like Boise or Sacramento that saw a surge in migration and a sharp increase in home prices over the past two years have now seen an abrupt drop-off in demand, leading sellers to drop their prices with increasing frequency,"" Fairweather said.At the same time that prices are falling, housing inventory is climbing. These two factors combined could further cool down the housing market.""A home's price is driven by the balance of supply and demand, and when demand drops off and supply increases like it is now, rapid price increases evaporate quickly,""  Fairweather said.Builders are stepping up housing constructionThe US is in the middle of a severe housing shortage – but the homebuilding sector is increasing its production and welcoming more workers to the industry.According to real estate database Altos Research, inventory of unsold single family homes in the U.S. rose 8.2% last week, to 344,000 homes — an increase of 26,000 more homes.""At an absolute level it is not unprecedented for inventory to grow by 25,000 in a week,"" Mike Simonsen, founder and creator of Altos, said in a statement. ""But since we're coming off the record lows, as a percentage, that may be the biggest jump we've seen. At 344,000 homes we now have 6% more than last year.""Although the homebuilding sector is experiencing a dearth of skilled workers, May's uptick in construction is likely attributed to gains in employment.During the month, residential building construction employment increased by 5,000, while non-residential construction added 2,400 jobs. Overall, residential building grew 7.6% compared to pre-pandemic levels, while non-residential building remained 5% below.""More hammers at work, more homes,"" Odeta Kushi, the deputy chief economist at First American, told Insider.As builders increase their employment and production levels, it's helping to close the imbalance of supply and demand in the real estate market. With more homes being built buyers are now facing less competition for housing, especially as mortgage rates dampen demand. This vibe shift could lead to further declines in home prices — and ultimately a larger cool down in the market.Read the original article on Business Insider",,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/3-signs-housing-market-slowing-103000149.html
2022-06-04 09:30:00,Are Stocks Undervalued Yet?,"Eight valuation models suggest that even after recent declines, the stock market isn’t a good value.",^GSPC,https://finance.yahoo.com/m/b01b0861-8d82-38e9-ab0d-b31ff4a4b74c/are-stocks-undervalued-yet-.html
2022-06-04 09:00:00,"Wall Street is panicking about a recession. But consumer spending and cooling inflation means it's not going to happen, a US strategist argues.","Americans still have plenty of money to spend, Truist has said.MediaNews Group/Orange County Register via Getty ImagesThe dreaded 'R' word is on everybody's lips, with more and more Wall Street analysts predicting a US recession.But Mike Skordeles of Truist said the consumer is strong and inflation will cool, and that supports the economy.He told Insider the economy is likely headed for a rockier patch, but says recession fears are overblown.At the end of last year, almost nobody was talking about a US recession. Now, the dreaded 'R' word is on everybody's lips.A consensus is building on Wall Street that US economic growth is soon likely to turn negative, as the Federal Reserve hikes interest rates to cool rampant inflation.Russia's invasion of Ukraine has sent energy prices soaring, adding to inflation and making the Fed's job even harder. China's zero-COVID policy — which has shut down swathes of its economy — isn't helping.Traditionally, a recession is defined as two quarters of decline in gross domestic product. Needless to say, it's not good for companies or their stock prices. The S&P 500 has tumbled this year, partly due to worries about growth.But for all the doom and gloom, there are plenty who doubt the recession narrative, and say the US economy is still strong.Michael Skordeles — a senior US macro strategist at Truist Advisory Services, part of the $66 billion bank — is one of those people.""It's the consumer, stupid,"" he told Insider this week, paraphrasing James Carville's famous saying.""We're not saying risks haven't increased,"" he said. ""All the conditions were very favorable, and now they've gotten less favorable than that. But that doesn't mean it's a recession.""Skordeles said Americans are sitting on a lot of cash, thanks in large part to pandemic stimulus. Truist estimates consumers have built up $4.7 trillion in savings and deposits since the start of the coronavirus outbreak.But Skordeles said $1.2 trillion of that has come since May 2021, when stimulus measures had mostly ended, largely as a resulto of a rise in wages.Story continuesSkordeles said the strong labor market — unemployment stood at 3.6% in April, near the lowest level since the 1950s — is helping people's wages and incomes grow. And although that is inflationary, it also means spending is likely to hold up.Yet the Truist strategist said there's good news on inflation, too. A surge in spending on goods during the pandemic stressed out supply chains and contributed to soaring prices.However, there's now evidence of a rotation back to spending on services, such as as life gradually returns to normal after the pandemic. Skordeles said that should help alleviate inflationary pressures.Retail trade sales grew 6.7% in April compared to a year earlier, but spending on food services, such as restaurants, and drinking places shot up 19.8%.Spending on services has been picking upSpending on goods has helped push up inflation, but there are signs consumers are rotating back to services.TruistAt the heart of most economists' predictions for a recession is the Fed. In many analysts' eyes, the central bank will have to hike interest rates so high to choke off inflation that it will derail the economy.Yet Skordeles said the recent slowdown in growth seen in the US and elsewhere — due to rising energy costs and uncertainty, among other things — could actually be a good thing for the economy overall, in the medium term. Combined with the shift to services spending, it's likely to mean the Fed hikes less hard than many expect.""It's gonna be uneven. It's not gonna be a straight line. We expect continued volatility,"" Skordeles said. ""But I think we get past it.""Read more: Deutsche Bank's chief strategist says stocks could surge another 15% by the end of 2022, building on their recent strength. Here's why he's bullish even if a recession starts soon.Read the original article on Business Insider",,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/wall-street-panicking-recession-consumer-090000250.html
2022-06-04 07:25:16,"Lots of sellers, fewer buyers, in markets for startup shares","There's a lot of confusion in the private market right now. On the one hand, venture firms are still announcing new funds on a daily basis. They're hosting catered sushi brunches. On the other, layoffs abound, and titans of industry sound worried. JPMorgan's Jamie Dimon sees an economic hurricane ahead. For his part, Elon Musk reportedly told Tesla executives this week he has a ""super bad feeling"" about the economy. He's also laying off 10% of Tesla's salaried employees, he told them in a brief email this morning.You could hardly blame people looking to sell their startup shares, or those looking to buy them, for feeling unsure about where to meet on price, and that's exactly what's happening right now, says secondary market experts like CEO Kelly Rodriques of Forge Global. In fact, Rodriques says, on Forge, a trading platform for private firms' shares that went public earlier this year via a SPAC, the ""supply of private shares right now is higher than it's ever been in history -- by a lot.""Rodriques calls it ""price disequilibrium. There's a ton of seller interest, but the range between seller and buyer expectations is too wide for a lot of trading to happen.""Image Credits: Forge GlobalHe's not alone in seeing this pattern. Justin Fishner-Wolfson separately says the most remarkable thing about the secondary market right now is how stagnant it is. Fishner-Wolfson co-founded and oversees 137 Ventures, a San Francisco-based firm that offers loans to founders, executives, early employees and other large shareholders of private, high-growth tech companies in exchange for the option to convert their debt into equity, and he notes that valuations in the private markets are ""slow to change"" because ""people are waiting to see what things are actually worth.""You can hardly blame them, he suggests; the signals all around appear haywire. ""If you look at the public markets, you've got even very large companies moving five to 10 percentage points a day, without specific news. Like, this isn't an earnings call that's driving the price."" Given that ""people don't really know what things are worth on any given day,"" he says, ""in the private markets, things are mostly just slowing down while people wait to see whether or not pricing is something [they] could sort of approximate today, whether or not it gets worse from here [or] whether or not it gets better from here.""Story continuesSome sellers are plowing forward at prices they might not like out of necessity. ""The only transactions you're seeing are the ones that people desperately need to have happen,"" says Fishner-Wolfson. It's true of companies; it's also true of individuals, he says. ""Companies with strong balance sheets aren't going to raise money in this environment; they're going to try to put off [a new round] as long as they can."" He sees the same with founders and executives. ""If your company is doing really well, why do you want to take a price that's not a great price, or at least a reasonable price, if you can wait a few quarters, see how things settle out and get a better deal later?""There is some good news for sellers, says Rodriques. For one thing, Rodriques says he's seeing signs that sellers are growing ""more realistic"" about their expectations, which should bring more buyers -- who want the biggest discount possible -- to the table.He also says that while prices appear to be falling almost uniformly, companies that were venture-backed and went public somewhat recently are still trading at premiums to where they were valued in their last private funding rounds. Specifically, according to Forge, they're trading at roughly a 24% premium to their pre-IPO valuations.That's way down from the fourth quarter, when companies on Forge were trading at a 58% premium over their last private round, but that cushion is keeping buyers, and sellers, in the market who might disappear otherwise.Rodriques points, for example, to the buy now, pay later startup Affirm, a company that Forge had previously tracked and traded on its platform and which went public through a traditional IPO process early last year. Currently, Affirm's shares are down 56% from their IPO price, but they're up more than 70% from the value that Affirm's private market investors assigned them during the outfit's last, pre-IPO round, meaning its private market investors are still very much in the black.How much that really means is, of course, a question mark. Asked if he would himself buy Affirm's shares at their current price, Rodriques talks at length about Affirm being a ""highly sought after businesses that has a significant sustainable gross margin profile and a growth rate.""""You can say, 'Well, it's not worth 28 times [revenue].' And maybe [the shares] don't go back up to 28 times [revenue], maybe they settle in at 20,"" he continues. ""But people are still going to pay premiums -- good market or bad market -- for a company that's throwing up organic growth of 50% to 100% a year and gross margins in the 70% to 90% [range].""Asked again: Would he buy it right now or would he wait, Rodriques says he's not so unlike his own customers. ""Am I a buyer of Affirm right now? I'm like everybody else. I'm waiting and watching. But I think it's a great company, and I would invest in it. I'm wanting to see where the market shakes out."" Image Credits: Forge Global",,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/lots-sellers-fewer-buyers-markets-072516680.html
2022-06-04 04:00:46,Some hedge funds finally see market conditions to justify their existence,"Hedge funds are having to adapt to a radically different market environment this year. A new world of high inflation, sharply rising interest rates and rapid quantitative tightening, almost unimaginable just a few years ago, has upended equity and bond markets over the past six months. Eurozone inflation this week hit another record high of 8.1 per cent, increasing pressure on the European Central Bank to speed up rate increases.",,https://finance.yahoo.com/m/974cf8a4-06f4-3d1c-9017-adcc0aeb4b5c/some-hedge-funds-finally-see.html
2022-06-04 02:20:00,The Stock Market Is Charting a New Course. It Won’t Be Pleasant.,All three major indexes finished the week lower. It’s the next 10 years that investors need to worry about.,,https://finance.yahoo.com/m/651bc276-4699-3c2b-835f-51ad36246800/the-stock-market-is-charting.html
2022-06-04 01:28:00,These Market Indexers’ Stocks Have Been Hit Hard. One Looks Better in the Short Term.,"The indexing firms’ shares are down more than 28% this year, trailing far behind the S&P 500 index. One of the stocks looks like the better bet in the short term.",SPGI,https://finance.yahoo.com/m/a15f4fc6-e6fd-3af9-801c-423385904c59/these-market-indexers%E2%80%99-stocks.html
2022-06-08 16:00:24,Tesla Stock Vs. BYD Stock: Musk 'Super Bad' Warning Hits Tesla; EV Rival Races As Sales Hit High,BYD stock is racing toward highs as the China EV giant seizes Tesla's sales crown. Now it's going to supply Tesla with batteries.,"F,BYDDY,XPEV,RIVN,LI,TSLA",https://finance.yahoo.com/m/1290d6ab-a5b1-3718-86d9-d4814e62c904/tesla-stock-vs-byd-stock-.html
2022-06-04 00:09:35,The jobs report looked good. Wall Street wasn't happy about it,"More than 4 out of 5 stocks in the S&P 500 fell amid worries about rising interest rates. (Associated Press)U.S. stocks fell broadly Friday and pulled major indexes into the red for the week as Wall Street focused on the downside of the still-strong job market.A report showed employers hired more workers last month than economists expected. While that’s a good sign for the economy amid worries about a possible recession, many investors saw it keeping the Federal Reserve on its path to hiking interest rates aggressively. Such moves would slow the economy in hopes of ultimately knocking down high inflation, and the Fed risks causing a recession if it moves too quickly or too far. In the meantime, higher interest rates put downward pressure on stocks and other investments.The S&P 500 index fell 68.28 points, or 1.6%, to 4,108.54. It’s a reversal from Thursday’s market movements, when a narrower report on the U.S. job market came in weaker than expected. That bolstered speculation the Fed may consider a pause in raising rates later this year, and the hopes for a less-aggressive Fed sent stocks jumping.The slide on Friday also dragged the benchmark S&P 500 into its eighth weekly loss in the last nine. The outlier in that stretch was last week, when stocks soared in part on speculation that the Fed would consider a pause in rate hikes in September.The Dow Jones industrial average fell 348.58 points, or 1%, to 32,899.70. The Nasdaq fell 304.16 points, or 2.5%, to 12,012.73.Bitcoin also fell, while a measure of worry in the stock market rose, even though some glass-half-full signals for inflationary pressures were buried within the jobs data.Friday’s comprehensive report from the U.S. government showed employers added 390,000 jobs last month, better than expectations for 322,500. That sent Treasury yields climbing, though they initially wobbled as investors moved from one knee-jerk reaction to another after the report’s release.The yield on the two-year Treasury, which tends to move with expectations for Fed action, rose to 2.68% from 2.62% just before the report’s release. The 10-year yield, which tracks expectations for longer-term growth and inflation, rose to 2.95% from 2.91% after earlier climbing as high as 2.99%.Story continuesThe report did contain some signals that analysts said could ultimately get the Fed to be less aggressive. Big daily reversals have become the norm recently as Wall Street struggles to gauge how aggressive the Fed will be.Average wages for workers were a touch weaker in May than economists expected. While that’s discouraging for people watching grocery and gasoline prices jump more than their paychecks, it could mean less future pressure on inflation across the economy. Plus, the nation’s job growth decelerated last month, even if it was better than expectations.“The employment situation remains solid for the economy, but there are some signs of slowing,” said Brian Jacobsen, senior investment strategist at Allspring Global Investments. “The signs aren’t clear and convincing enough to suggest the Fed needs to pause yet, but a lot can change over the next few months.”More than 4 out of 5 stocks in the S&P 500 fell amid the worries about rising rates, with the heaviest losses hitting technology stocks and other big winners of the prior low-rate world.Tesla tumbled 9.2% after U.S. safety regulators said more than 750 owners have complained about cars suddenly stopping on roadways for no apparent reason while operating on their partially automated driving systems. A report also said Tesla is considering layoffs amid concerns by its chief executive, Elon Musk, about the economy. Because Tesla is the fifth-largest company in the S&P 500, its movements carry a heavier weight on the index.Companies as varied as Walmart and Delta Air Lines have recently warned how inflation is eating into their profits, which has upped the pressure on markets because stock prices tend to track profits over the long term. The warnings are layering on top of the market’s worries about Russia’s invasion of Ukraine and about business-slowing anti-COVID measures in China.“There are just so many uncertainties,” said John Lynch, chief investment officer at Comerica Wealth Management. “You can’t put Ukraine on a spreadsheet and you can’t put lockdowns in China on a spreadsheet.”JPMorgan Chase’s CEO, Jamie Dimon, said earlier this week that he’s preparing his company for a possible economic “hurricane,” highlighting less economic support from the U.S. government and Federal Reserve, as well as the war in Ukraine.This story originally appeared in Los Angeles Times.",^GSPC,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/jobs-report-looked-good-wall-000935295.html
2022-06-04 00:00:00,Hope Blooms for China Stocks as Analysts Stop Cutting Estimates,"(Bloomberg) -- A stabilization in earnings expectations is adding to optimism that the worst may be over for China’s beleaguered stocks.Most Read from BloombergRussia Hits Kyiv With Missiles; Putin Warns West on ArmsSaudis Raise Oil Prices More Than Expected Amid Asia ReboundWhy Peak Inflation Is Near, According to Experts Who Bet on Short-Lived Price RisesUS May Allow More Iran Oil to Flow Even Without Deal, Says Vitol‘No Longer Sure Bets’: Tech Giants Are Dropping Bad News DailyAnalysts have stopped cutting forward estimates for MSCI China members, after slashing them by 10% since early March, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and China International Capital Corp. expect profits to rise for the benchmark in the second half of this year.And a string of better-than-feared results by internet giants including Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. and Baidu Inc. -- which led to double-digit gains in their shares -- suggests some investors had become too pessimistic on the outlook for earnings.READ: Meituan 1Q Beat Raises Optimism on Stock, Business: Street WrapThe stabilizing profit outlook adds ballast to the shift in investor sentiment that allowed Chinese stocks to break a six-month losing streak in May, outperforming global peers in the process. Easing virus curbs and a slew of policy measures to stimulate growth have brought foreign investors back to the market and strategists are turning increasingly bullish on the prospects for stocks.“Multi-year-low valuations, increasingly supportive government policies, some companies reporting better-than-expected earnings” and a relaxing of Covid lockdowns is helping China bulls, said Jian Shi Cortesi, a portfolio manager at GAM Investment Management in Zurich.A bullish argument for Chinese equities now looks more solid compared to the unfounded optimism that prevailed at the start of the year, when many on Wall Street called a bottom only to see stocks slide further. The MSCI China gauge has fallen 18% in 2022 as Covid lockdowns hurt an already-weak economy. It is down over 45% from a February 2021 high.Story continuesIn recent weeks, Amundi SA, AllianceBernstein, UBS Global Wealth Management and Citigroup Inc. have become more optimistic on Chinese shares as Shanghai emerges from a lockdown. Meanwhile, Chinese officials have vowed to enact steps to boost growth following Premier Li Keqiang’s recent call to avoid an economic contraction this quarter.“We think the odds of a gradual equity price recovery in China are on a better footing this time around,” said Aninda Mitra, Head of Asia Macro & Investment Strategy, BNY Mellon Investment Management SP Pte. in Singapore.To be sure, buying China remains a brave call for some. Profits at Chinese industrial firms shrank in April for the first time in two years as Covid outbreaks and lockdowns disrupted factory production, transport logistics and sales.Skeptics will be scrutinizing the strength of any economic rebound and watch if infection numbers can stay down with the resumption of normal life. They will need verification of any recovery through macro data such as loans, manufacturing and trade.For Goldman strategists, full-year consensus earnings estimates are still too high and sectors such as pharmaceutical, technology hardware and telecoms look particularly vulnerable. But they see a turning point for forecasts after the current quarter ends.“Sequential earnings growth should start to improve in 3Q alongside the likely rebound in economic momentum,” a team including Kinger Lau wrote Thursday. A model based on the recovering economy would point to 4% year-on-year EPS growth in third quarter, likely up from a 4% decline in the second quarter, they wrote.But demand for Chinese exposure is returning. Global funds bought Shanghai and Shenzhen stocks via trading links for a fifth straight day on Thursday, pushing year-to-date flows into positive territory for the first time since early March. And speculative interest in buying the dip has surged.“Only the most brave would have been able to buy in March. Now I think more investors feel comfortable about buying,” said Li Yan, a senior market analyst at SBI Securities in Tokyo. “The market seems to have grown more confident.”Most Read from Bloomberg BusinessweekOz Won by Ditching the Oprahverse for Trump and Planet HannityUkraine’s Tactics Are Showing Smaller Countries How to Fight BackSheryl Sandberg’s ‘Lean In’ Missed What Most Women NeededIn Seattle’s Burning Hot Real Estate Market, It’s A.I. or BustSeven Ways to Beat Burnout and Get Your Career Back on Track©2022 Bloomberg L.P.",,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/hope-blooms-china-stocks-analysts-000000749.html
2022-06-03 23:34:43,Are Any Marijuana Stocks On U.S. Exchanges Buys As This One Forms Rare Setup?,"Canadian marijuana stocks are still struggling to find momentum, with U.S. legislation in flux. So are any Canadian marijuana stocks buys now?","CRON,TLRY,ACB,CGC",https://finance.yahoo.com/m/6e8fb483-3ff2-3a41-8275-9e9949427873/are-any-marijuana-stocks-on.html
2022-06-03 23:03:00,"Unilever, Meta, Microsoft: Stocks That Defined the Week","Unilever, Meta and Microsoft were three of the stocks that moved on the week’s news.","MSFT,FB",https://finance.yahoo.com/m/2ec08d76-9106-346f-af0c-1d7df5b1d043/unilever-meta-microsoft-.html
2022-06-03 22:47:00,Carrier Stock Looks Like a Cool Play for Investors,"Air-conditioner maker should benefit from demand for cleaner air within buildings and stricter fire codes. Also, Wall Street views on General Mills, Lions Gate Entertainment, Workday, and UiPath.","PATH,GIS,CARR,WDAY",https://finance.yahoo.com/m/8ee1c295-cfd8-337e-ab08-03f2a8572bd7/carrier-stock-looks-like-a.html
2022-06-03 22:40:00,Community West Bancshares and Funko Stock See Action From Activist Investors,PL Capital Advisers took a large stake in banking firm Community West. Limited partnership TCG 3.0 Fuji disclosed a large investment in collectibles maker Funko.,"AN,FNKO",https://finance.yahoo.com/m/576fe1b2-5985-3ee1-a0c2-754848bab671/community-west-bancshares-and.html
2022-06-03 22:15:10,American Electric Power (AEP) Stock Moves -0.29%: What You Should Know,"American Electric Power (AEP) closed at $101.95 in the latest trading session, marking a -0.29% move from the prior day. This change was narrower than the S&P 500's daily loss of 1.64%. Meanwhile, the Dow lost 1.05%, and the Nasdaq, a tech-heavy index, lost 0.03%.Heading into today, shares of the utility had gained 2.6% over the past month, lagging the Utilities sector's gain of 5.47% and outpacing the S&P 500's gain of 0.73% in that time.Wall Street will be looking for positivity from American Electric Power as it approaches its next earnings report date. In that report, analysts expect American Electric Power to post earnings of $1.13 per share. This would mark a year-over-year decline of 4.24%. Meanwhile, the Zacks Consensus Estimate for revenue is projecting net sales of $4.18 billion, up 9.11% from the year-ago period.For the full year, our Zacks Consensus Estimates are projecting earnings of $5.01 per share and revenue of $18.16 billion, which would represent changes of +5.7% and +8.04%, respectively, from the prior year.Investors should also note any recent changes to analyst estimates for American Electric Power. These recent revisions tend to reflect the evolving nature of short-term business trends. With this in mind, we can consider positive estimate revisions a sign of optimism about the company's business outlook.Research indicates that these estimate revisions are directly correlated with near-term share price momentum. To benefit from this, we have developed the Zacks Rank, a proprietary model which takes these estimate changes into account and provides an actionable rating system.The Zacks Rank system, which ranges from #1 (Strong Buy) to #5 (Strong Sell), has an impressive outside-audited track record of outperformance, with #1 stocks generating an average annual return of +25% since 1988. Over the past month, the Zacks Consensus EPS estimate has moved 0.43% higher. American Electric Power is holding a Zacks Rank of #3 (Hold) right now.Story continuesIn terms of valuation, American Electric Power is currently trading at a Forward P/E ratio of 20.4. Its industry sports an average Forward P/E of 19.65, so we one might conclude that American Electric Power is trading at a premium comparatively.Meanwhile, AEP's PEG ratio is currently 3.29. This metric is used similarly to the famous P/E ratio, but the PEG ratio also takes into account the stock's expected earnings growth rate. The Utility - Electric Power industry currently had an average PEG ratio of 3.45 as of yesterday's close.The Utility - Electric Power industry is part of the Utilities sector. This group has a Zacks Industry Rank of 169, putting it in the bottom 34% of all 250+ industries.The Zacks Industry Rank gauges the strength of our individual industry groups by measuring the average Zacks Rank of the individual stocks within the groups. Our research shows that the top 50% rated industries outperform the bottom half by a factor of 2 to 1.Be sure to follow all of these stock-moving metrics, and many more, on Zacks.com.Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report American Electric Power Company, Inc. (AEP) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here.",,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/american-electric-power-aep-stock-221510725.html
2022-06-03 22:15:10,Capital One (COF) Dips More Than Broader Markets: What You Should Know,"Capital One (COF) closed at $124.05 in the latest trading session, marking a -1.84% move from the prior day. This change lagged the S&P 500's 1.64% loss on the day. At the same time, the Dow lost 1.05%, and the tech-heavy Nasdaq lost 0.03%.Prior to today's trading, shares of the credit card issuer and bank had lost 3.04% over the past month. This has lagged the Finance sector's gain of 2.16% and the S&P 500's gain of 0.73% in that time.Wall Street will be looking for positivity from Capital One as it approaches its next earnings report date. The company is expected to report EPS of $5.10, down 33.85% from the prior-year quarter. Our most recent consensus estimate is calling for quarterly revenue of $8.23 billion, up 11.64% from the year-ago period.COF's full-year Zacks Consensus Estimates are calling for earnings of $20.12 per share and revenue of $33.6 billion. These results would represent year-over-year changes of -25.34% and +10.41%, respectively.Any recent changes to analyst estimates for Capital One should also be noted by investors. These revisions typically reflect the latest short-term business trends, which can change frequently. With this in mind, we can consider positive estimate revisions a sign of optimism about the company's business outlook.Research indicates that these estimate revisions are directly correlated with near-term share price momentum. We developed the Zacks Rank to capitalize on this phenomenon. Our system takes these estimate changes into account and delivers a clear, actionable rating model.Ranging from #1 (Strong Buy) to #5 (Strong Sell), the Zacks Rank system has a proven, outside-audited track record of outperformance, with #1 stocks returning an average of +25% annually since 1988. Over the past month, the Zacks Consensus EPS estimate has moved 0.46% lower. Capital One is currently sporting a Zacks Rank of #3 (Hold).Digging into valuation, Capital One currently has a Forward P/E ratio of 6.28. Its industry sports an average Forward P/E of 6.5, so we one might conclude that Capital One is trading at a discount comparatively.Story continuesInvestors should also note that COF has a PEG ratio of 0.36 right now. This metric is used similarly to the famous P/E ratio, but the PEG ratio also takes into account the stock's expected earnings growth rate. COF's industry had an average PEG ratio of 0.36 as of yesterday's close.The Financial - Consumer Loans industry is part of the Finance sector. This group has a Zacks Industry Rank of 192, putting it in the bottom 25% of all 250+ industries.The Zacks Industry Rank gauges the strength of our industry groups by measuring the average Zacks Rank of the individual stocks within the groups. Our research shows that the top 50% rated industries outperform the bottom half by a factor of 2 to 1.You can find more information on all of these metrics, and much more, on Zacks.com.Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Capital One Financial Corporation (COF) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here.",COF-PJ,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/capital-one-cof-dips-more-221510247.html
2022-06-03 22:15:10,JetBlue Airways (JBLU) Stock Moves -0.57%: What You Should Know,"JetBlue Airways (JBLU) closed at $10.47 in the latest trading session, marking a -0.57% move from the prior day. This change was narrower than the S&P 500's daily loss of 1.64%. Meanwhile, the Dow lost 1.05%, and the Nasdaq, a tech-heavy index, lost 0.03%.Heading into today, shares of the airline had lost 3.92% over the past month, lagging the Transportation sector's gain of 0.87% and the S&P 500's gain of 0.73% in that time.Wall Street will be looking for positivity from JetBlue Airways as it approaches its next earnings report date. In that report, analysts expect JetBlue Airways to post earnings of -$0.06 per share. This would mark year-over-year growth of 90.63%. Meanwhile, the Zacks Consensus Estimate for revenue is projecting net sales of $2.45 billion, up 63.23% from the year-ago period.For the full year, our Zacks Consensus Estimates are projecting earnings of -$0.35 per share and revenue of $9.06 billion, which would represent changes of +86.06% and +50.11%, respectively, from the prior year.Investors should also note any recent changes to analyst estimates for JetBlue Airways. These recent revisions tend to reflect the evolving nature of short-term business trends. With this in mind, we can consider positive estimate revisions a sign of optimism about the company's business outlook.Research indicates that these estimate revisions are directly correlated with near-term share price momentum. To benefit from this, we have developed the Zacks Rank, a proprietary model which takes these estimate changes into account and provides an actionable rating system.The Zacks Rank system, which ranges from #1 (Strong Buy) to #5 (Strong Sell), has an impressive outside-audited track record of outperformance, with #1 stocks generating an average annual return of +25% since 1988. Over the past month, the Zacks Consensus EPS estimate has moved 5.05% lower. JetBlue Airways is holding a Zacks Rank of #4 (Sell) right now.Story continuesThe Transportation - Airline industry is part of the Transportation sector. This industry currently has a Zacks Industry Rank of 199, which puts it in the bottom 22% of all 250+ industries.The Zacks Industry Rank includes is listed in order from best to worst in terms of the average Zacks Rank of the individual companies within each of these sectors. Our research shows that the top 50% rated industries outperform the bottom half by a factor of 2 to 1.To follow JBLU in the coming trading sessions, be sure to utilize Zacks.com.Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report JetBlue Airways Corporation (JBLU) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here.",JBLU,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/jetblue-airways-jblu-stock-moves-221510221.html
2022-06-03 22:15:10,Olin (OLN) Dips More Than Broader Markets: What You Should Know,"In the latest trading session, Olin (OLN) closed at $65.70, marking a -1.82% move from the previous day. This change lagged the S&P 500's daily loss of 1.64%. At the same time, the Dow lost 1.05%, and the tech-heavy Nasdaq lost 0.03%.Coming into today, shares of the chlor-alkali and ammunition producer'had gained 4.25% in the past month. In that same time, the Basic Materials sector gained 3.76%, while the S&P 500 gained 0.73%.Wall Street will be looking for positivity from Olin as it approaches its next earnings report date. On that day, Olin is projected to report earnings of $2.59 per share, which would represent year-over-year growth of 49.71%. Meanwhile, the Zacks Consensus Estimate for revenue is projecting net sales of $2.53 billion, up 13.71% from the year-ago period.For the full year, our Zacks Consensus Estimates are projecting earnings of $10.10 per share and revenue of $9.82 billion, which would represent changes of +25.15% and +10.19%, respectively, from the prior year.It is also important to note the recent changes to analyst estimates for Olin. These revisions typically reflect the latest short-term business trends, which can change frequently. As a result, we can interpret positive estimate revisions as a good sign for the company's business outlook.Research indicates that these estimate revisions are directly correlated with near-term share price momentum. We developed the Zacks Rank to capitalize on this phenomenon. Our system takes these estimate changes into account and delivers a clear, actionable rating model.The Zacks Rank system, which ranges from #1 (Strong Buy) to #5 (Strong Sell), has an impressive outside-audited track record of outperformance, with #1 stocks generating an average annual return of +25% since 1988. Within the past 30 days, our consensus EPS projection has moved 1.44% higher. Olin is holding a Zacks Rank of #3 (Hold) right now.Looking at its valuation, Olin is holding a Forward P/E ratio of 6.63. For comparison, its industry has an average Forward P/E of 10.68, which means Olin is trading at a discount to the group.Story continuesThe Chemical - Diversified industry is part of the Basic Materials sector. This industry currently has a Zacks Industry Rank of 62, which puts it in the top 25% of all 250+ industries.The Zacks Industry Rank gauges the strength of our individual industry groups by measuring the average Zacks Rank of the individual stocks within the groups. Our research shows that the top 50% rated industries outperform the bottom half by a factor of 2 to 1.You can find more information on all of these metrics, and much more, on Zacks.com.Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Olin Corporation (OLN) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research","OLN,^GSPC",https://finance.yahoo.com/news/olin-oln-dips-more-broader-221510536.html
2022-06-03 22:00:10,JB Hunt (JBHT) Gains As Market Dips: What You Should Know,"JB Hunt (JBHT) closed at $179.40 in the latest trading session, marking a +1.12% move from the prior day. The stock outpaced the S&P 500's daily loss of 1.64%. Meanwhile, the Dow lost 1.05%, and the Nasdaq, a tech-heavy index, lost 0.41%.Coming into today, shares of the trucking and logistics company had gained 0.99% in the past month. In that same time, the Transportation sector gained 0.87%, while the S&P 500 gained 0.73%.JB Hunt will be looking to display strength as it nears its next earnings release. In that report, analysts expect JB Hunt to post earnings of $2.29 per share. This would mark year-over-year growth of 42.24%. Meanwhile, our latest consensus estimate is calling for revenue of $3.57 billion, up 22.67% from the prior-year quarter.For the full year, our Zacks Consensus Estimates are projecting earnings of $9.30 per share and revenue of $14.4 billion, which would represent changes of +30.25% and +18.36%, respectively, from the prior year.Any recent changes to analyst estimates for JB Hunt should also be noted by investors. These recent revisions tend to reflect the evolving nature of short-term business trends. As such, positive estimate revisions reflect analyst optimism about the company's business and profitability.Our research shows that these estimate changes are directly correlated with near-term stock prices. Investors can capitalize on this by using the Zacks Rank. This model considers these estimate changes and provides a simple, actionable rating system.The Zacks Rank system, which ranges from #1 (Strong Buy) to #5 (Strong Sell), has an impressive outside-audited track record of outperformance, with #1 stocks generating an average annual return of +25% since 1988. Within the past 30 days, our consensus EPS projection has moved 0.79% higher. JB Hunt is holding a Zacks Rank of #3 (Hold) right now.Investors should also note JB Hunt's current valuation metrics, including its Forward P/E ratio of 19.08. Its industry sports an average Forward P/E of 12.92, so we one might conclude that JB Hunt is trading at a premium comparatively.Story continuesWe can also see that JBHT currently has a PEG ratio of 1.27. The PEG ratio is similar to the widely-used P/E ratio, but this metric also takes the company's expected earnings growth rate into account. The Transportation - Truck was holding an average PEG ratio of 1.08 at yesterday's closing price.The Transportation - Truck industry is part of the Transportation sector. This industry currently has a Zacks Industry Rank of 73, which puts it in the top 29% of all 250+ industries.The Zacks Industry Rank gauges the strength of our individual industry groups by measuring the average Zacks Rank of the individual stocks within the groups. Our research shows that the top 50% rated industries outperform the bottom half by a factor of 2 to 1.To follow JBHT in the coming trading sessions, be sure to utilize Zacks.com.Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. (JBHT) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research","JBHT,^GSPC",https://finance.yahoo.com/news/jb-hunt-jbht-gains-market-220010663.html
2022-06-03 22:00:10,KeyCorp (KEY) Stock Moves -1.41%: What You Should Know,"In the latest trading session, KeyCorp (KEY) closed at $19.64, marking a -1.41% move from the previous day. This change was narrower than the S&P 500's 1.64% loss on the day. At the same time, the Dow lost 1.05%, and the tech-heavy Nasdaq lost 0.41%.Coming into today, shares of the company had gained 0.71% in the past month. In that same time, the Finance sector gained 2.16%, while the S&P 500 gained 0.73%.KeyCorp will be looking to display strength as it nears its next earnings release, which is expected to be July 21, 2022. In that report, analysts expect KeyCorp to post earnings of $0.55 per share. This would mark a year-over-year decline of 23.61%. Meanwhile, the Zacks Consensus Estimate for revenue is projecting net sales of $1.82 billion, up 2.72% from the year-ago period.For the full year, our Zacks Consensus Estimates are projecting earnings of $2.24 per share and revenue of $7.33 billion, which would represent changes of -14.5% and +0.85%, respectively, from the prior year.Investors might also notice recent changes to analyst estimates for KeyCorp. Recent revisions tend to reflect the latest near-term business trends. As a result, we can interpret positive estimate revisions as a good sign for the company's business outlook.Research indicates that these estimate revisions are directly correlated with near-term share price momentum. To benefit from this, we have developed the Zacks Rank, a proprietary model which takes these estimate changes into account and provides an actionable rating system.Ranging from #1 (Strong Buy) to #5 (Strong Sell), the Zacks Rank system has a proven, outside-audited track record of outperformance, with #1 stocks returning an average of +25% annually since 1988. Within the past 30 days, our consensus EPS projection remained stagnant. KeyCorp is currently a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold).Looking at its valuation, KeyCorp is holding a Forward P/E ratio of 8.9. This represents a discount compared to its industry's average Forward P/E of 10.96.Story continuesInvestors should also note that KEY has a PEG ratio of 0.49 right now. This popular metric is similar to the widely-known P/E ratio, with the difference being that the PEG ratio also takes into account the company's expected earnings growth rate. KEY's industry had an average PEG ratio of 1.57 as of yesterday's close.The Banks - Major Regional industry is part of the Finance sector. This group has a Zacks Industry Rank of 105, putting it in the top 42% of all 250+ industries.The Zacks Industry Rank gauges the strength of our industry groups by measuring the average Zacks Rank of the individual stocks within the groups. Our research shows that the top 50% rated industries outperform the bottom half by a factor of 2 to 1.Be sure to follow all of these stock-moving metrics, and many more, on Zacks.com.Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report KeyCorp (KEY) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here.","KEY,^GSPC",https://finance.yahoo.com/news/keycorp-key-stock-moves-1-220010073.html
2022-06-03 22:00:10,Generac Holdings (GNRC) Stock Moves -0.03%: What You Should Know,"In the latest trading session, Generac Holdings (GNRC) closed at $268.88, marking a -0.03% move from the previous day. This change was narrower than the S&P 500's daily loss of 1.64%. At the same time, the Dow lost 1.05%, and the tech-heavy Nasdaq lost 0.41%.Prior to today's trading, shares of the generator maker had gained 3.24% over the past month. This has outpaced the Computer and Technology sector's loss of 0.9% and the S&P 500's gain of 0.73% in that time.Generac Holdings will be looking to display strength as it nears its next earnings release. The company is expected to report EPS of $2.66, up 11.3% from the prior-year quarter. Meanwhile, our latest consensus estimate is calling for revenue of $1.26 billion, up 37.47% from the prior-year quarter.For the full year, our Zacks Consensus Estimates are projecting earnings of $11.72 per share and revenue of $5.16 billion, which would represent changes of +21.7% and +37.99%, respectively, from the prior year.Any recent changes to analyst estimates for Generac Holdings should also be noted by investors. These revisions help to show the ever-changing nature of near-term business trends. As a result, we can interpret positive estimate revisions as a good sign for the company's business outlook.Based on our research, we believe these estimate revisions are directly related to near-team stock moves. Investors can capitalize on this by using the Zacks Rank. This model considers these estimate changes and provides a simple, actionable rating system.Ranging from #1 (Strong Buy) to #5 (Strong Sell), the Zacks Rank system has a proven, outside-audited track record of outperformance, with #1 stocks returning an average of +25% annually since 1988. Over the past month, the Zacks Consensus EPS estimate has moved 2.75% higher. Generac Holdings is holding a Zacks Rank of #3 (Hold) right now.Investors should also note Generac Holdings's current valuation metrics, including its Forward P/E ratio of 22.96. Its industry sports an average Forward P/E of 22.96, so we one might conclude that Generac Holdings is trading at a no noticeable deviation comparatively.Story continuesAlso, we should mention that GNRC has a PEG ratio of 2.3. The PEG ratio is similar to the widely-used P/E ratio, but this metric also takes the company's expected earnings growth rate into account. GNRC's industry had an average PEG ratio of 2.3 as of yesterday's close.The Electronics - Power Generation industry is part of the Computer and Technology sector. This group has a Zacks Industry Rank of 232, putting it in the bottom 9% of all 250+ industries.The Zacks Industry Rank gauges the strength of our individual industry groups by measuring the average Zacks Rank of the individual stocks within the groups. Our research shows that the top 50% rated industries outperform the bottom half by a factor of 2 to 1.You can find more information on all of these metrics, and much more, on Zacks.com.Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Generac Holdings Inc. (GNRC) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here.",GNRC,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/generac-holdings-gnrc-stock-moves-220010126.html
2022-06-03 22:00:10,Cameco (CCJ) Dips More Than Broader Markets: What You Should Know,"In the latest trading session, Cameco (CCJ) closed at $25, marking a -1.85% move from the previous day. This change lagged the S&P 500's 1.64% loss on the day. At the same time, the Dow lost 1.05%, and the tech-heavy Nasdaq lost 0.41%.Coming into today, shares of the uranium producer had gained 4.04% in the past month. In that same time, the Basic Materials sector gained 3.76%, while the S&P 500 gained 0.73%.Cameco will be looking to display strength as it nears its next earnings release. In that report, analysts expect Cameco to post earnings of -$0.03 per share. This would mark year-over-year growth of 62.5%.CCJ's full-year Zacks Consensus Estimates are calling for earnings of $0.11 per share and revenue of $1.45 billion. These results would represent year-over-year changes of +155% and +23.07%, respectively.It is also important to note the recent changes to analyst estimates for Cameco. These recent revisions tend to reflect the evolving nature of short-term business trends. As such, positive estimate revisions reflect analyst optimism about the company's business and profitability.Research indicates that these estimate revisions are directly correlated with near-term share price momentum. Investors can capitalize on this by using the Zacks Rank. This model considers these estimate changes and provides a simple, actionable rating system.The Zacks Rank system, which ranges from #1 (Strong Buy) to #5 (Strong Sell), has an impressive outside-audited track record of outperformance, with #1 stocks generating an average annual return of +25% since 1988. The Zacks Consensus EPS estimate has moved 69.23% higher within the past month. Cameco is currently sporting a Zacks Rank of #3 (Hold).Valuation is also important, so investors should note that Cameco has a Forward P/E ratio of 231.54 right now. Its industry sports an average Forward P/E of 9.21, so we one might conclude that Cameco is trading at a premium comparatively.Story continuesThe Mining - Miscellaneous industry is part of the Basic Materials sector. This industry currently has a Zacks Industry Rank of 86, which puts it in the top 34% of all 250+ industries.The Zacks Industry Rank includes is listed in order from best to worst in terms of the average Zacks Rank of the individual companies within each of these sectors. Our research shows that the top 50% rated industries outperform the bottom half by a factor of 2 to 1.Be sure to follow all of these stock-moving metrics, and many more, on Zacks.com.Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Cameco Corporation (CCJ) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research","^GSPC,CCJ",https://finance.yahoo.com/news/cameco-ccj-dips-more-broader-220010635.html
2022-06-03 22:00:10,Reliance Steel (RS) Dips More Than Broader Markets: What You Should Know,"Reliance Steel (RS) closed the most recent trading day at $193.50, moving -1.79% from the previous trading session. This change lagged the S&P 500's 1.64% loss on the day. Elsewhere, the Dow lost 1.05%, while the tech-heavy Nasdaq lost 0.41%.Prior to today's trading, shares of the metals service-center company had lost 0.27% over the past month. This has lagged the Industrial Products sector's gain of 0.66% and the S&P 500's gain of 0.73% in that time.Wall Street will be looking for positivity from Reliance Steel as it approaches its next earnings report date. This is expected to be July 28, 2022. In that report, analysts expect Reliance Steel to post earnings of $9.02 per share. This would mark year-over-year growth of 78.26%. Meanwhile, the Zacks Consensus Estimate for revenue is projecting net sales of $4.58 billion, up 34.05% from the year-ago period.Looking at the full year, our Zacks Consensus Estimates suggest analysts are expecting earnings of $27.90 per share and revenue of $16.43 billion. These totals would mark changes of +26.13% and +16.59%, respectively, from last year.Any recent changes to analyst estimates for Reliance Steel should also be noted by investors. Recent revisions tend to reflect the latest near-term business trends. As a result, we can interpret positive estimate revisions as a good sign for the company's business outlook.Our research shows that these estimate changes are directly correlated with near-term stock prices. To benefit from this, we have developed the Zacks Rank, a proprietary model which takes these estimate changes into account and provides an actionable rating system.The Zacks Rank system, which ranges from #1 (Strong Buy) to #5 (Strong Sell), has an impressive outside-audited track record of outperformance, with #1 stocks generating an average annual return of +25% since 1988. Over the past month, the Zacks Consensus EPS estimate has moved 1.71% higher. Reliance Steel is holding a Zacks Rank of #1 (Strong Buy) right now.Story continuesDigging into valuation, Reliance Steel currently has a Forward P/E ratio of 7.06. For comparison, its industry has an average Forward P/E of 7.06, which means Reliance Steel is trading at a no noticeable deviation to the group.The Metal Products - Distribution industry is part of the Industrial Products sector. This industry currently has a Zacks Industry Rank of 47, which puts it in the top 19% of all 250+ industries.The Zacks Industry Rank gauges the strength of our industry groups by measuring the average Zacks Rank of the individual stocks within the groups. Our research shows that the top 50% rated industries outperform the bottom half by a factor of 2 to 1.Make sure to utilize Zacks.com to follow all of these stock-moving metrics, and more, in the coming trading sessions.Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Reliance Steel & Aluminum Co. (RS) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research",RS,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/reliance-steel-rs-dips-more-220010670.html
2022-06-03 22:00:10,PetroChina (PTR) Gains As Market Dips: What You Should Know,"PetroChina (PTR) closed at $54 in the latest trading session, marking a +0.71% move from the prior day. This move outpaced the S&P 500's daily loss of 1.64%. At the same time, the Dow lost 1.05%, and the tech-heavy Nasdaq lost 0.41%.Heading into today, shares of the oil and gas company had gained 6.26% over the past month, lagging the Oils-Energy sector's gain of 13.83% and outpacing the S&P 500's gain of 0.73% in that time.Wall Street will be looking for positivity from PetroChina as it approaches its next earnings report date.PTR's full-year Zacks Consensus Estimates are calling for earnings of $11.16 per share and revenue of $464.89 billion. These results would represent year-over-year changes of +44% and +14.66%, respectively.Investors should also note any recent changes to analyst estimates for PetroChina. These revisions help to show the ever-changing nature of near-term business trends. With this in mind, we can consider positive estimate revisions a sign of optimism about the company's business outlook.Based on our research, we believe these estimate revisions are directly related to near-team stock moves. To benefit from this, we have developed the Zacks Rank, a proprietary model which takes these estimate changes into account and provides an actionable rating system.The Zacks Rank system, which ranges from #1 (Strong Buy) to #5 (Strong Sell), has an impressive outside-audited track record of outperformance, with #1 stocks generating an average annual return of +25% since 1988. The Zacks Consensus EPS estimate has moved 0.93% lower within the past month. PetroChina is holding a Zacks Rank of #3 (Hold) right now.Digging into valuation, PetroChina currently has a Forward P/E ratio of 4.81. Its industry sports an average Forward P/E of 5.13, so we one might conclude that PetroChina is trading at a discount comparatively.The Oil and Gas - Integrated - International industry is part of the Oils-Energy sector. This industry currently has a Zacks Industry Rank of 59, which puts it in the top 24% of all 250+ industries.Story continuesThe Zacks Industry Rank includes is listed in order from best to worst in terms of the average Zacks Rank of the individual companies within each of these sectors. Our research shows that the top 50% rated industries outperform the bottom half by a factor of 2 to 1.To follow PTR in the coming trading sessions, be sure to utilize Zacks.com.Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report PetroChina Company Limited (PTR) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here.",PTR,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/petrochina-ptr-gains-market-dips-220010129.html
2022-06-03 22:00:10,United Rentals (URI) Gains As Market Dips: What You Should Know,"United Rentals (URI) closed at $301.25 in the latest trading session, marking a +0.52% move from the prior day. This move outpaced the S&P 500's daily loss of 1.64%. At the same time, the Dow lost 1.05%, and the tech-heavy Nasdaq lost 0.41%.Heading into today, shares of the equipment rental company had lost 1.15% over the past month, lagging the Construction sector's gain of 2.3% and the S&P 500's gain of 0.73% in that time.Wall Street will be looking for positivity from United Rentals as it approaches its next earnings report date. In that report, analysts expect United Rentals to post earnings of $6.54 per share. This would mark year-over-year growth of 40.34%. Our most recent consensus estimate is calling for quarterly revenue of $2.68 billion, up 17.24% from the year-ago period.Looking at the full year, our Zacks Consensus Estimates suggest analysts are expecting earnings of $29.64 per share and revenue of $11.31 billion. These totals would mark changes of +34.36% and +16.42%, respectively, from last year.It is also important to note the recent changes to analyst estimates for United Rentals. These revisions typically reflect the latest short-term business trends, which can change frequently. As such, positive estimate revisions reflect analyst optimism about the company's business and profitability.Our research shows that these estimate changes are directly correlated with near-term stock prices. We developed the Zacks Rank to capitalize on this phenomenon. Our system takes these estimate changes into account and delivers a clear, actionable rating model.The Zacks Rank system ranges from #1 (Strong Buy) to #5 (Strong Sell). It has a remarkable, outside-audited track record of success, with #1 stocks delivering an average annual return of +25% since 1988. Over the past month, the Zacks Consensus EPS estimate remained stagnant. United Rentals currently has a Zacks Rank of #3 (Hold).Digging into valuation, United Rentals currently has a Forward P/E ratio of 10.11. This valuation marks a discount compared to its industry's average Forward P/E of 13.66.Story continuesMeanwhile, URI's PEG ratio is currently 0.58. The PEG ratio is similar to the widely-used P/E ratio, but this metric also takes the company's expected earnings growth rate into account. The Building Products - Miscellaneous was holding an average PEG ratio of 0.87 at yesterday's closing price.The Building Products - Miscellaneous industry is part of the Construction sector. This group has a Zacks Industry Rank of 162, putting it in the bottom 36% of all 250+ industries.The Zacks Industry Rank gauges the strength of our individual industry groups by measuring the average Zacks Rank of the individual stocks within the groups. Our research shows that the top 50% rated industries outperform the bottom half by a factor of 2 to 1.Be sure to follow all of these stock-moving metrics, and many more, on Zacks.com.Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report United Rentals, Inc. (URI) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here.",URI,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/united-rentals-uri-gains-market-220010833.html
2022-06-03 21:50:09,Siderurgica Nacional (SID) Stock Moves -0.63%: What You Should Know,"Siderurgica Nacional (SID) closed the most recent trading day at $4.70, moving -0.63% from the previous trading session. This change was narrower than the S&P 500's daily loss of 1.64%. At the same time, the Dow lost 1.05%, and the tech-heavy Nasdaq lost 0.41%.Heading into today, shares of the steelmaker had gained 15.37% over the past month, outpacing the Basic Materials sector's gain of 3.76% and the S&P 500's gain of 0.73% in that time.Siderurgica Nacional will be looking to display strength as it nears its next earnings release. On that day, Siderurgica Nacional is projected to report earnings of $0.44 per share, which would represent a year-over-year decline of 41.33%. Meanwhile, the Zacks Consensus Estimate for revenue is projecting net sales of $2.97 billion, up 2.35% from the year-ago period.Looking at the full year, our Zacks Consensus Estimates suggest analysts are expecting earnings of $1.73 per share and revenue of $11.43 billion. These totals would mark changes of -4.95% and +28.42%, respectively, from last year.Any recent changes to analyst estimates for Siderurgica Nacional should also be noted by investors. These revisions typically reflect the latest short-term business trends, which can change frequently. With this in mind, we can consider positive estimate revisions a sign of optimism about the company's business outlook.Research indicates that these estimate revisions are directly correlated with near-term share price momentum. To benefit from this, we have developed the Zacks Rank, a proprietary model which takes these estimate changes into account and provides an actionable rating system.Ranging from #1 (Strong Buy) to #5 (Strong Sell), the Zacks Rank system has a proven, outside-audited track record of outperformance, with #1 stocks returning an average of +25% annually since 1988. The Zacks Consensus EPS estimate has moved 16.67% lower within the past month. Siderurgica Nacional currently has a Zacks Rank of #3 (Hold).Story continuesIn terms of valuation, Siderurgica Nacional is currently trading at a Forward P/E ratio of 2.74. For comparison, its industry has an average Forward P/E of 3.89, which means Siderurgica Nacional is trading at a discount to the group.Investors should also note that SID has a PEG ratio of 0.85 right now. This popular metric is similar to the widely-known P/E ratio, with the difference being that the PEG ratio also takes into account the company's expected earnings growth rate. The Steel - Producers industry currently had an average PEG ratio of 0.21 as of yesterday's close.The Steel - Producers industry is part of the Basic Materials sector. This industry currently has a Zacks Industry Rank of 19, which puts it in the top 8% of all 250+ industries.The Zacks Industry Rank gauges the strength of our individual industry groups by measuring the average Zacks Rank of the individual stocks within the groups. Our research shows that the top 50% rated industries outperform the bottom half by a factor of 2 to 1.To follow SID in the coming trading sessions, be sure to utilize Zacks.com.Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report National Steel Company (SID) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here.",,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/siderurgica-nacional-sid-stock-moves-215009256.html
2022-06-03 21:50:09,Union Pacific (UNP) Stock Moves -0.62%: What You Should Know,"In the latest trading session, Union Pacific (UNP) closed at $224, marking a -0.62% move from the previous day. This change was narrower than the S&P 500's 1.64% loss on the day. Elsewhere, the Dow lost 1.05%, while the tech-heavy Nasdaq lost 0.41%.Prior to today's trading, shares of the railroad had lost 2.63% over the past month. This has lagged the Transportation sector's gain of 0.87% and the S&P 500's gain of 0.73% in that time.Union Pacific will be looking to display strength as it nears its next earnings release. In that report, analysts expect Union Pacific to post earnings of $2.95 per share. This would mark year-over-year growth of 8.46%. Meanwhile, the Zacks Consensus Estimate for revenue is projecting net sales of $6.21 billion, up 12.8% from the year-ago period.Looking at the full year, our Zacks Consensus Estimates suggest analysts are expecting earnings of $11.67 per share and revenue of $24.56 billion. These totals would mark changes of +17.29% and +12.65%, respectively, from last year.It is also important to note the recent changes to analyst estimates for Union Pacific. These revisions help to show the ever-changing nature of near-term business trends. With this in mind, we can consider positive estimate revisions a sign of optimism about the company's business outlook.Our research shows that these estimate changes are directly correlated with near-term stock prices. We developed the Zacks Rank to capitalize on this phenomenon. Our system takes these estimate changes into account and delivers a clear, actionable rating model.Ranging from #1 (Strong Buy) to #5 (Strong Sell), the Zacks Rank system has a proven, outside-audited track record of outperformance, with #1 stocks returning an average of +25% annually since 1988. Over the past month, the Zacks Consensus EPS estimate remained stagnant. Union Pacific is currently sporting a Zacks Rank of #3 (Hold).Investors should also note Union Pacific's current valuation metrics, including its Forward P/E ratio of 19.32. This represents a no noticeable deviation compared to its industry's average Forward P/E of 19.32.Story continuesWe can also see that UNP currently has a PEG ratio of 1.93. This popular metric is similar to the widely-known P/E ratio, with the difference being that the PEG ratio also takes into account the company's expected earnings growth rate. UNP's industry had an average PEG ratio of 2.02 as of yesterday's close.The Transportation - Rail industry is part of the Transportation sector. This industry currently has a Zacks Industry Rank of 183, which puts it in the bottom 28% of all 250+ industries.The Zacks Industry Rank gauges the strength of our individual industry groups by measuring the average Zacks Rank of the individual stocks within the groups. Our research shows that the top 50% rated industries outperform the bottom half by a factor of 2 to 1.Make sure to utilize Zacks.com to follow all of these stock-moving metrics, and more, in the coming trading sessions.Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Union Pacific Corporation (UNP) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research",UNP,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/union-pacific-unp-stock-moves-215009059.html
2022-06-03 21:50:09,Crocs (CROX) Stock Moves -0.8%: What You Should Know,"In the latest trading session, Crocs (CROX) closed at $60.84, marking a -0.8% move from the previous day. This change was narrower than the S&P 500's daily loss of 1.64%. Elsewhere, the Dow lost 1.05%, while the tech-heavy Nasdaq lost 0.41%.Prior to today's trading, shares of the footwear company had lost 6.55% over the past month. This has lagged the Consumer Discretionary sector's loss of 1.09% and the S&P 500's gain of 0.73% in that time.Investors will be hoping for strength from Crocs as it approaches its next earnings release. On that day, Crocs is projected to report earnings of $2.78 per share, which would represent year-over-year growth of 24.66%. Meanwhile, our latest consensus estimate is calling for revenue of $924.12 million, up 44.22% from the prior-year quarter.Looking at the full year, our Zacks Consensus Estimates suggest analysts are expecting earnings of $10.53 per share and revenue of $3.54 billion. These totals would mark changes of +26.56% and +52.97%, respectively, from last year.Investors might also notice recent changes to analyst estimates for Crocs. These revisions help to show the ever-changing nature of near-term business trends. With this in mind, we can consider positive estimate revisions a sign of optimism about the company's business outlook.Based on our research, we believe these estimate revisions are directly related to near-team stock moves. We developed the Zacks Rank to capitalize on this phenomenon. Our system takes these estimate changes into account and delivers a clear, actionable rating model.The Zacks Rank system ranges from #1 (Strong Buy) to #5 (Strong Sell). It has a remarkable, outside-audited track record of success, with #1 stocks delivering an average annual return of +25% since 1988. The Zacks Consensus EPS estimate has moved 3.78% higher within the past month. Crocs is currently sporting a Zacks Rank of #3 (Hold).In terms of valuation, Crocs is currently trading at a Forward P/E ratio of 5.83. For comparison, its industry has an average Forward P/E of 10.73, which means Crocs is trading at a discount to the group.Story continuesInvestors should also note that CROX has a PEG ratio of 0.39 right now. This metric is used similarly to the famous P/E ratio, but the PEG ratio also takes into account the stock's expected earnings growth rate. The Textile - Apparel was holding an average PEG ratio of 1.38 at yesterday's closing price.The Textile - Apparel industry is part of the Consumer Discretionary sector. This group has a Zacks Industry Rank of 173, putting it in the bottom 32% of all 250+ industries.The Zacks Industry Rank includes is listed in order from best to worst in terms of the average Zacks Rank of the individual companies within each of these sectors. Our research shows that the top 50% rated industries outperform the bottom half by a factor of 2 to 1.To follow CROX in the coming trading sessions, be sure to utilize Zacks.com.Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Crocs, Inc. (CROX) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research",CROX,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/crocs-crox-stock-moves-0-215009443.html
2022-06-03 21:50:09,D.R. Horton (DHI) Stock Moves -0.37%: What You Should Know,"D.R. Horton (DHI) closed the most recent trading day at $76, moving -0.37% from the previous trading session. This change was narrower than the S&P 500's daily loss of 1.64%. Meanwhile, the Dow lost 1.05%, and the Nasdaq, a tech-heavy index, lost 0.41%.Prior to today's trading, shares of the homebuilder had gained 7.21% over the past month. This has outpaced the Construction sector's gain of 2.3% and the S&P 500's gain of 0.73% in that time.D.R. Horton will be looking to display strength as it nears its next earnings release. The company is expected to report EPS of $4.54, up 48.37% from the prior-year quarter. Meanwhile, the Zacks Consensus Estimate for revenue is projecting net sales of $9.07 billion, up 24.45% from the year-ago period.For the full year, our Zacks Consensus Estimates are projecting earnings of $17.37 per share and revenue of $35.41 billion, which would represent changes of +52.23% and +27.48%, respectively, from the prior year.Investors might also notice recent changes to analyst estimates for D.R. Horton. These revisions help to show the ever-changing nature of near-term business trends. As a result, we can interpret positive estimate revisions as a good sign for the company's business outlook.Our research shows that these estimate changes are directly correlated with near-term stock prices. To benefit from this, we have developed the Zacks Rank, a proprietary model which takes these estimate changes into account and provides an actionable rating system.Ranging from #1 (Strong Buy) to #5 (Strong Sell), the Zacks Rank system has a proven, outside-audited track record of outperformance, with #1 stocks returning an average of +25% annually since 1988. Within the past 30 days, our consensus EPS projection remained stagnant. D.R. Horton is currently sporting a Zacks Rank of #3 (Hold).Valuation is also important, so investors should note that D.R. Horton has a Forward P/E ratio of 4.39 right now. For comparison, its industry has an average Forward P/E of 3.99, which means D.R. Horton is trading at a premium to the group.Story continuesIt is also worth noting that DHI currently has a PEG ratio of 0.52. This popular metric is similar to the widely-known P/E ratio, with the difference being that the PEG ratio also takes into account the company's expected earnings growth rate. The Building Products - Home Builders industry currently had an average PEG ratio of 0.44 as of yesterday's close.The Building Products - Home Builders industry is part of the Construction sector. This group has a Zacks Industry Rank of 75, putting it in the top 30% of all 250+ industries.The Zacks Industry Rank gauges the strength of our industry groups by measuring the average Zacks Rank of the individual stocks within the groups. Our research shows that the top 50% rated industries outperform the bottom half by a factor of 2 to 1.Be sure to follow all of these stock-moving metrics, and many more, on Zacks.com.Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report D.R. Horton, Inc. (DHI) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here.",DHI,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/d-r-horton-dhi-stock-215009471.html
2022-06-03 21:50:09,RPC (RES) Gains As Market Dips: What You Should Know,"In the latest trading session, RPC (RES) closed at $9.30, marking a +0.11% move from the previous day. This change outpaced the S&P 500's 1.64% loss on the day. Elsewhere, the Dow lost 1.05%, while the tech-heavy Nasdaq lost 0.41%.Prior to today's trading, shares of the oil and gas services company had lost 5.78% over the past month. This has lagged the Oils-Energy sector's gain of 13.83% and the S&P 500's gain of 0.73% in that time.RPC will be looking to display strength as it nears its next earnings release. Meanwhile, the Zacks Consensus Estimate for revenue is projecting net sales of $322.1 million, up 70.64% from the year-ago period.RES's full-year Zacks Consensus Estimates are calling for earnings of $0.44 per share and revenue of $1.32 billion. These results would represent year-over-year changes of +1366.67% and +52.57%, respectively.Investors should also note any recent changes to analyst estimates for RPC. These revisions typically reflect the latest short-term business trends, which can change frequently. As a result, we can interpret positive estimate revisions as a good sign for the company's business outlook.Based on our research, we believe these estimate revisions are directly related to near-team stock moves. To benefit from this, we have developed the Zacks Rank, a proprietary model which takes these estimate changes into account and provides an actionable rating system.Ranging from #1 (Strong Buy) to #5 (Strong Sell), the Zacks Rank system has a proven, outside-audited track record of outperformance, with #1 stocks returning an average of +25% annually since 1988. The Zacks Consensus EPS estimate remained stagnant within the past month. RPC is currently a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold).Looking at its valuation, RPC is holding a Forward P/E ratio of 21.27. This represents a discount compared to its industry's average Forward P/E of 27.25.The Oil and Gas - Field Services industry is part of the Oils-Energy sector. This industry currently has a Zacks Industry Rank of 64, which puts it in the top 26% of all 250+ industries.Story continuesThe Zacks Industry Rank gauges the strength of our individual industry groups by measuring the average Zacks Rank of the individual stocks within the groups. Our research shows that the top 50% rated industries outperform the bottom half by a factor of 2 to 1.Be sure to follow all of these stock-moving metrics, and many more, on Zacks.com.Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report RPC, Inc. (RES) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here.",RES,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/rpc-res-gains-market-dips-215009114.html
2022-06-03 21:45:09,Newmont Corporation (NEM) Stock Moves -1.41%: What You Should Know,"In the latest trading session, Newmont Corporation (NEM) closed at $67.82, marking a -1.41% move from the previous day. This change was narrower than the S&P 500's daily loss of 1.64%. Meanwhile, the Dow lost 1.05%, and the Nasdaq, a tech-heavy index, lost 0.41%.Prior to today's trading, shares of the gold and copper miner had lost 4.91% over the past month. This has lagged the Basic Materials sector's gain of 3.76% and the S&P 500's gain of 0.73% in that time.Wall Street will be looking for positivity from Newmont Corporation as it approaches its next earnings report date. In that report, analysts expect Newmont Corporation to post earnings of $0.76 per share. This would mark a year-over-year decline of 8.43%. Meanwhile, the Zacks Consensus Estimate for revenue is projecting net sales of $3.19 billion, up 4.03% from the year-ago period.NEM's full-year Zacks Consensus Estimates are calling for earnings of $3.46 per share and revenue of $13 billion. These results would represent year-over-year changes of +16.89% and +6.38%, respectively.It is also important to note the recent changes to analyst estimates for Newmont Corporation. These revisions typically reflect the latest short-term business trends, which can change frequently. As such, positive estimate revisions reflect analyst optimism about the company's business and profitability.Research indicates that these estimate revisions are directly correlated with near-term share price momentum. To benefit from this, we have developed the Zacks Rank, a proprietary model which takes these estimate changes into account and provides an actionable rating system.The Zacks Rank system, which ranges from #1 (Strong Buy) to #5 (Strong Sell), has an impressive outside-audited track record of outperformance, with #1 stocks generating an average annual return of +25% since 1988. The Zacks Consensus EPS estimate has moved 2.01% higher within the past month. Newmont Corporation currently has a Zacks Rank of #3 (Hold).Story continuesValuation is also important, so investors should note that Newmont Corporation has a Forward P/E ratio of 19.86 right now. For comparison, its industry has an average Forward P/E of 9.21, which means Newmont Corporation is trading at a premium to the group.The Mining - Miscellaneous industry is part of the Basic Materials sector. This industry currently has a Zacks Industry Rank of 86, which puts it in the top 34% of all 250+ industries.The Zacks Industry Rank includes is listed in order from best to worst in terms of the average Zacks Rank of the individual companies within each of these sectors. Our research shows that the top 50% rated industries outperform the bottom half by a factor of 2 to 1.Be sure to follow all of these stock-moving metrics, and many more, on Zacks.com.Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Newmont Corporation (NEM) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research",NEM,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/newmont-corporation-nem-stock-moves-214509416.html
2022-06-03 21:45:09,Archer Daniels Midland (ADM) Stock Moves -1.53%: What You Should Know,"In the latest trading session, Archer Daniels Midland (ADM) closed at $87.91, marking a -1.53% move from the previous day. This move was narrower than the S&P 500's daily loss of 1.64%. Elsewhere, the Dow lost 1.05%, while the tech-heavy Nasdaq lost 0.41%.Heading into today, shares of the agribusiness giant had lost 0.15% over the past month, lagging the Consumer Staples sector's gain of 0.63% and the S&P 500's gain of 0.73% in that time.Archer Daniels Midland will be looking to display strength as it nears its next earnings release. In that report, analysts expect Archer Daniels Midland to post earnings of $1.67 per share. This would mark year-over-year growth of 25.56%. Meanwhile, our latest consensus estimate is calling for revenue of $25.08 billion, up 9.38% from the prior-year quarter.Looking at the full year, our Zacks Consensus Estimates suggest analysts are expecting earnings of $6.32 per share and revenue of $93.84 billion. These totals would mark changes of +21.77% and +10.08%, respectively, from last year.Any recent changes to analyst estimates for Archer Daniels Midland should also be noted by investors. These recent revisions tend to reflect the evolving nature of short-term business trends. As a result, we can interpret positive estimate revisions as a good sign for the company's business outlook.Research indicates that these estimate revisions are directly correlated with near-term share price momentum. We developed the Zacks Rank to capitalize on this phenomenon. Our system takes these estimate changes into account and delivers a clear, actionable rating model.The Zacks Rank system ranges from #1 (Strong Buy) to #5 (Strong Sell). It has a remarkable, outside-audited track record of success, with #1 stocks delivering an average annual return of +25% since 1988. Within the past 30 days, our consensus EPS projection has moved 3.08% higher. Archer Daniels Midland is currently sporting a Zacks Rank of #1 (Strong Buy).Story continuesValuation is also important, so investors should note that Archer Daniels Midland has a Forward P/E ratio of 14.13 right now. This represents a discount compared to its industry's average Forward P/E of 24.67.Meanwhile, ADM's PEG ratio is currently 2.21. The PEG ratio is similar to the widely-used P/E ratio, but this metric also takes the company's expected earnings growth rate into account. The Agriculture - Operations was holding an average PEG ratio of 2.21 at yesterday's closing price.The Agriculture - Operations industry is part of the Consumer Staples sector. This group has a Zacks Industry Rank of 90, putting it in the top 36% of all 250+ industries.The Zacks Industry Rank includes is listed in order from best to worst in terms of the average Zacks Rank of the individual companies within each of these sectors. Our research shows that the top 50% rated industries outperform the bottom half by a factor of 2 to 1.Be sure to follow all of these stock-moving metrics, and many more, on Zacks.com.Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Archer Daniels Midland Company (ADM) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here.",ADM,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/archer-daniels-midland-adm-stock-214509605.html
2022-06-03 21:45:09,Pilgrim's Pride (PPC) Stock Moves -0.38%: What You Should Know,"Pilgrim's Pride (PPC) closed the most recent trading day at $34.26, moving -0.38% from the previous trading session. This move was narrower than the S&P 500's daily loss of 1.64%. At the same time, the Dow lost 1.05%, and the tech-heavy Nasdaq lost 0.41%.Prior to today's trading, shares of the poultry producer had gained 21.09% over the past month. This has outpaced the Consumer Staples sector's gain of 0.63% and the S&P 500's gain of 0.73% in that time.Investors will be hoping for strength from Pilgrim's Pride as it approaches its next earnings release. In that report, analysts expect Pilgrim's Pride to post earnings of $1.17 per share. This would mark year-over-year growth of 85.71%.Investors should also note any recent changes to analyst estimates for Pilgrim's Pride. Recent revisions tend to reflect the latest near-term business trends. With this in mind, we can consider positive estimate revisions a sign of optimism about the company's business outlook.Research indicates that these estimate revisions are directly correlated with near-term share price momentum. To benefit from this, we have developed the Zacks Rank, a proprietary model which takes these estimate changes into account and provides an actionable rating system.Ranging from #1 (Strong Buy) to #5 (Strong Sell), the Zacks Rank system has a proven, outside-audited track record of outperformance, with #1 stocks returning an average of +25% annually since 1988. Over the past month, the Zacks Consensus EPS estimate remained stagnant. Pilgrim's Pride is currently a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy).Valuation is also important, so investors should note that Pilgrim's Pride has a Forward P/E ratio of 10.56 right now. Its industry sports an average Forward P/E of 10.31, so we one might conclude that Pilgrim's Pride is trading at a premium comparatively.Also, we should mention that PPC has a PEG ratio of 0.71. This popular metric is similar to the widely-known P/E ratio, with the difference being that the PEG ratio also takes into account the company's expected earnings growth rate. PPC's industry had an average PEG ratio of 1.3 as of yesterday's close.Story continuesThe Food - Meat Products industry is part of the Consumer Staples sector. This group has a Zacks Industry Rank of 26, putting it in the top 11% of all 250+ industries.The Zacks Industry Rank gauges the strength of our individual industry groups by measuring the average Zacks Rank of the individual stocks within the groups. Our research shows that the top 50% rated industries outperform the bottom half by a factor of 2 to 1.To follow PPC in the coming trading sessions, be sure to utilize Zacks.com.Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Pilgrim's Pride Corporation (PPC) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research",PPC,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/pilgrims-pride-ppc-stock-moves-214509077.html
2022-06-03 21:45:09,Boeing (BA) Stock Moves -0.89%: What You Should Know,"Boeing (BA) closed the most recent trading day at $139.25, moving -0.89% from the previous trading session. This move was narrower than the S&P 500's daily loss of 1.64%. At the same time, the Dow lost 1.05%, and the tech-heavy Nasdaq lost 0.41%.Heading into today, shares of the airplane builder had lost 6.63% over the past month, lagging the Aerospace sector's gain of 0.85% and the S&P 500's gain of 0.73% in that time.Investors will be hoping for strength from Boeing as it approaches its next earnings release. In that report, analysts expect Boeing to post earnings of $0.03 per share. This would mark a year-over-year decline of 92.5%. Meanwhile, our latest consensus estimate is calling for revenue of $18.67 billion, up 9.84% from the prior-year quarter.For the full year, our Zacks Consensus Estimates are projecting earnings of -$0.81 per share and revenue of $75.88 billion, which would represent changes of +91.42% and +21.82%, respectively, from the prior year.Investors should also note any recent changes to analyst estimates for Boeing. These revisions help to show the ever-changing nature of near-term business trends. With this in mind, we can consider positive estimate revisions a sign of optimism about the company's business outlook.Based on our research, we believe these estimate revisions are directly related to near-team stock moves. To benefit from this, we have developed the Zacks Rank, a proprietary model which takes these estimate changes into account and provides an actionable rating system.Ranging from #1 (Strong Buy) to #5 (Strong Sell), the Zacks Rank system has a proven, outside-audited track record of outperformance, with #1 stocks returning an average of +25% annually since 1988. Over the past month, the Zacks Consensus EPS estimate has moved 312.23% lower. Boeing is currently sporting a Zacks Rank of #5 (Strong Sell).The Aerospace - Defense industry is part of the Aerospace sector. This group has a Zacks Industry Rank of 227, putting it in the bottom 11% of all 250+ industries.Story continuesThe Zacks Industry Rank gauges the strength of our industry groups by measuring the average Zacks Rank of the individual stocks within the groups. Our research shows that the top 50% rated industries outperform the bottom half by a factor of 2 to 1.To follow BA in the coming trading sessions, be sure to utilize Zacks.com.Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report The Boeing Company (BA) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research",BA,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/boeing-ba-stock-moves-0-214509371.html
2022-06-03 21:45:09,NextEra Energy (NEE) Gains As Market Dips: What You Should Know,"NextEra Energy (NEE) closed at $78.69 in the latest trading session, marking a +0.22% move from the prior day. This change outpaced the S&P 500's 1.64% loss on the day. Elsewhere, the Dow lost 1.05%, while the tech-heavy Nasdaq lost 0.41%.Heading into today, shares of the parent company of Florida Power & Light Co. Had gained 9.3% over the past month, outpacing the Utilities sector's gain of 5.47% and the S&P 500's gain of 0.73% in that time.NextEra Energy will be looking to display strength as it nears its next earnings release. On that day, NextEra Energy is projected to report earnings of $0.75 per share, which would represent year-over-year growth of 5.63%. Meanwhile, our latest consensus estimate is calling for revenue of $5.66 billion, up 44.05% from the prior-year quarter.For the full year, our Zacks Consensus Estimates are projecting earnings of $2.81 per share and revenue of $21.1 billion, which would represent changes of +10.2% and +23.59%, respectively, from the prior year.It is also important to note the recent changes to analyst estimates for NextEra Energy. These recent revisions tend to reflect the evolving nature of short-term business trends. With this in mind, we can consider positive estimate revisions a sign of optimism about the company's business outlook.Our research shows that these estimate changes are directly correlated with near-term stock prices. To benefit from this, we have developed the Zacks Rank, a proprietary model which takes these estimate changes into account and provides an actionable rating system.Ranging from #1 (Strong Buy) to #5 (Strong Sell), the Zacks Rank system has a proven, outside-audited track record of outperformance, with #1 stocks returning an average of +25% annually since 1988. Within the past 30 days, our consensus EPS projection has moved 0.12% higher. NextEra Energy is currently a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold).In terms of valuation, NextEra Energy is currently trading at a Forward P/E ratio of 27.91. For comparison, its industry has an average Forward P/E of 19.65, which means NextEra Energy is trading at a premium to the group.Story continuesAlso, we should mention that NEE has a PEG ratio of 3.16. This popular metric is similar to the widely-known P/E ratio, with the difference being that the PEG ratio also takes into account the company's expected earnings growth rate. The Utility - Electric Power was holding an average PEG ratio of 3.45 at yesterday's closing price.The Utility - Electric Power industry is part of the Utilities sector. This group has a Zacks Industry Rank of 169, putting it in the bottom 34% of all 250+ industries.The Zacks Industry Rank includes is listed in order from best to worst in terms of the average Zacks Rank of the individual companies within each of these sectors. Our research shows that the top 50% rated industries outperform the bottom half by a factor of 2 to 1.Be sure to follow all of these stock-moving metrics, and many more, on Zacks.com.Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report NextEra Energy, Inc. (NEE) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research",NEE,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nextera-energy-nee-gains-market-214509081.html
2022-06-03 21:45:09,Freeport-McMoRan (FCX) Stock Moves -0.93%: What You Should Know,"Freeport-McMoRan (FCX) closed the most recent trading day at $41.33, moving -0.93% from the previous trading session. This move was narrower than the S&P 500's daily loss of 1.64%. At the same time, the Dow lost 1.05%, and the tech-heavy Nasdaq lost 0.41%.Prior to today's trading, shares of the mining company had gained 5.25% over the past month. This has outpaced the Basic Materials sector's gain of 3.76% and the S&P 500's gain of 0.73% in that time.Investors will be hoping for strength from Freeport-McMoRan as it approaches its next earnings release. In that report, analysts expect Freeport-McMoRan to post earnings of $0.95 per share. This would mark year-over-year growth of 23.38%. Meanwhile, the Zacks Consensus Estimate for revenue is projecting net sales of $6.6 billion, up 14.88% from the year-ago period.FCX's full-year Zacks Consensus Estimates are calling for earnings of $3.90 per share and revenue of $26.51 billion. These results would represent year-over-year changes of +24.6% and +16.03%, respectively.Investors might also notice recent changes to analyst estimates for Freeport-McMoRan. These revisions help to show the ever-changing nature of near-term business trends. As such, positive estimate revisions reflect analyst optimism about the company's business and profitability.Based on our research, we believe these estimate revisions are directly related to near-team stock moves. To benefit from this, we have developed the Zacks Rank, a proprietary model which takes these estimate changes into account and provides an actionable rating system.Ranging from #1 (Strong Buy) to #5 (Strong Sell), the Zacks Rank system has a proven, outside-audited track record of outperformance, with #1 stocks returning an average of +25% annually since 1988. The Zacks Consensus EPS estimate has moved 0.6% higher within the past month. Freeport-McMoRan is currently sporting a Zacks Rank of #3 (Hold).Investors should also note Freeport-McMoRan's current valuation metrics, including its Forward P/E ratio of 10.7. For comparison, its industry has an average Forward P/E of 8.18, which means Freeport-McMoRan is trading at a premium to the group.Story continuesInvestors should also note that FCX has a PEG ratio of 0.37 right now. This popular metric is similar to the widely-known P/E ratio, with the difference being that the PEG ratio also takes into account the company's expected earnings growth rate. Mining - Non Ferrous stocks are, on average, holding a PEG ratio of 1.13 based on yesterday's closing prices.The Mining - Non Ferrous industry is part of the Basic Materials sector. This group has a Zacks Industry Rank of 73, putting it in the top 29% of all 250+ industries.The Zacks Industry Rank includes is listed in order from best to worst in terms of the average Zacks Rank of the individual companies within each of these sectors. Our research shows that the top 50% rated industries outperform the bottom half by a factor of 2 to 1.To follow FCX in the coming trading sessions, be sure to utilize Zacks.com.Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report FreeportMcMoRan Inc. (FCX) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research",FCX,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/freeport-mcmoran-fcx-stock-moves-214509755.html
2022-06-03 21:45:09,Arch Resources (ARCH) Dips More Than Broader Markets: What You Should Know,"Arch Resources (ARCH) closed at $158.22 in the latest trading session, marking a -1.79% move from the prior day. This move lagged the S&P 500's daily loss of 1.64%. Meanwhile, the Dow lost 1.05%, and the Nasdaq, a tech-heavy index, lost 0.41%.Prior to today's trading, shares of the coal producer had lost 8.18% over the past month. This has lagged the Oils-Energy sector's gain of 13.83% and the S&P 500's gain of 0.73% in that time.Wall Street will be looking for positivity from Arch Resources as it approaches its next earnings report date. The company is expected to report EPS of $18.32, up 1003.61% from the prior-year quarter. Our most recent consensus estimate is calling for quarterly revenue of $903 million, up 100.49% from the year-ago period.Looking at the full year, our Zacks Consensus Estimates suggest analysts are expecting earnings of $63.18 per share and revenue of $3.63 billion. These totals would mark changes of +208.65% and +64.33%, respectively, from last year.Investors might also notice recent changes to analyst estimates for Arch Resources. These revisions help to show the ever-changing nature of near-term business trends. With this in mind, we can consider positive estimate revisions a sign of optimism about the company's business outlook.Based on our research, we believe these estimate revisions are directly related to near-team stock moves. To benefit from this, we have developed the Zacks Rank, a proprietary model which takes these estimate changes into account and provides an actionable rating system.The Zacks Rank system, which ranges from #1 (Strong Buy) to #5 (Strong Sell), has an impressive outside-audited track record of outperformance, with #1 stocks generating an average annual return of +25% since 1988. Within the past 30 days, our consensus EPS projection remained stagnant. Arch Resources is holding a Zacks Rank of #3 (Hold) right now.Digging into valuation, Arch Resources currently has a Forward P/E ratio of 2.55. Its industry sports an average Forward P/E of 4.62, so we one might conclude that Arch Resources is trading at a discount comparatively.Story continuesThe Coal industry is part of the Oils-Energy sector. This industry currently has a Zacks Industry Rank of 50, which puts it in the top 20% of all 250+ industries.The Zacks Industry Rank includes is listed in order from best to worst in terms of the average Zacks Rank of the individual companies within each of these sectors. Our research shows that the top 50% rated industries outperform the bottom half by a factor of 2 to 1.You can find more information on all of these metrics, and much more, on Zacks.com.Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Arch Resources Inc. (ARCH) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research",,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/arch-resources-arch-dips-more-214509803.html
2022-06-03 21:45:09,Twitter (TWTR) Gains As Market Dips: What You Should Know,"Twitter (TWTR) closed the most recent trading day at $40.16, moving +0.63% from the previous trading session. This move outpaced the S&P 500's daily loss of 1.64%. Meanwhile, the Dow lost 1.05%, and the Nasdaq, a tech-heavy index, lost 0.41%.Coming into today, shares of the short messaging service had lost 20.75% in the past month. In that same time, the Computer and Technology sector lost 0.9%, while the S&P 500 gained 0.73%.Investors will be hoping for strength from Twitter as it approaches its next earnings release. The company is expected to report EPS of $0.29, up 45% from the prior-year quarter. Meanwhile, our latest consensus estimate is calling for revenue of $1.34 billion, up 12.32% from the prior-year quarter.Looking at the full year, our Zacks Consensus Estimates suggest analysts are expecting earnings of $1.86 per share and revenue of $5.89 billion. These totals would mark changes of +830% and +16.08%, respectively, from last year.Investors might also notice recent changes to analyst estimates for Twitter. These revisions typically reflect the latest short-term business trends, which can change frequently. As a result, we can interpret positive estimate revisions as a good sign for the company's business outlook.Our research shows that these estimate changes are directly correlated with near-term stock prices. Investors can capitalize on this by using the Zacks Rank. This model considers these estimate changes and provides a simple, actionable rating system.The Zacks Rank system, which ranges from #1 (Strong Buy) to #5 (Strong Sell), has an impressive outside-audited track record of outperformance, with #1 stocks generating an average annual return of +25% since 1988. The Zacks Consensus EPS estimate remained stagnant within the past month. Twitter is holding a Zacks Rank of #3 (Hold) right now.Investors should also note Twitter's current valuation metrics, including its Forward P/E ratio of 21.46. For comparison, its industry has an average Forward P/E of 45.88, which means Twitter is trading at a discount to the group.Story continuesThe Internet - Software industry is part of the Computer and Technology sector. This group has a Zacks Industry Rank of 151, putting it in the bottom 41% of all 250+ industries.The Zacks Industry Rank gauges the strength of our industry groups by measuring the average Zacks Rank of the individual stocks within the groups. Our research shows that the top 50% rated industries outperform the bottom half by a factor of 2 to 1.Make sure to utilize Zacks.com to follow all of these stock-moving metrics, and more, in the coming trading sessions.Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Twitter, Inc. (TWTR) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here.","TWTR,^GSPC",https://finance.yahoo.com/news/twitter-twtr-gains-market-dips-214509671.html
2022-06-03 21:45:09,Nike (NKE) Dips More Than Broader Markets: What You Should Know,"In the latest trading session, Nike (NKE) closed at $120.95, marking a -1.99% move from the previous day. This change lagged the S&P 500's 1.64% loss on the day. At the same time, the Dow lost 1.05%, and the tech-heavy Nasdaq lost 0.41%.Coming into today, shares of the athletic apparel maker had gained 4.03% in the past month. In that same time, the Consumer Discretionary sector lost 1.09%, while the S&P 500 gained 0.73%.Nike will be looking to display strength as it nears its next earnings release, which is expected to be June 27, 2022. The company is expected to report EPS of $0.84, down 9.68% from the prior-year quarter. Meanwhile, our latest consensus estimate is calling for revenue of $12.31 billion, down 0.3% from the prior-year quarter.Investors should also note any recent changes to analyst estimates for Nike. These revisions typically reflect the latest short-term business trends, which can change frequently. As such, positive estimate revisions reflect analyst optimism about the company's business and profitability.Our research shows that these estimate changes are directly correlated with near-term stock prices. We developed the Zacks Rank to capitalize on this phenomenon. Our system takes these estimate changes into account and delivers a clear, actionable rating model.The Zacks Rank system, which ranges from #1 (Strong Buy) to #5 (Strong Sell), has an impressive outside-audited track record of outperformance, with #1 stocks generating an average annual return of +25% since 1988. Within the past 30 days, our consensus EPS projection has moved 1.88% lower. Nike currently has a Zacks Rank of #4 (Sell).In terms of valuation, Nike is currently trading at a Forward P/E ratio of 27.35. For comparison, its industry has an average Forward P/E of 13.73, which means Nike is trading at a premium to the group.We can also see that NKE currently has a PEG ratio of 1.95. This metric is used similarly to the famous P/E ratio, but the PEG ratio also takes into account the stock's expected earnings growth rate. The Shoes and Retail Apparel industry currently had an average PEG ratio of 1.38 as of yesterday's close.Story continuesThe Shoes and Retail Apparel industry is part of the Consumer Discretionary sector. This group has a Zacks Industry Rank of 78, putting it in the top 31% of all 250+ industries.The Zacks Industry Rank gauges the strength of our industry groups by measuring the average Zacks Rank of the individual stocks within the groups. Our research shows that the top 50% rated industries outperform the bottom half by a factor of 2 to 1.You can find more information on all of these metrics, and much more, on Zacks.com.Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report NIKE, Inc. (NKE) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research","NKE,^GSPC",https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nike-nke-dips-more-broader-214509133.html
2022-06-03 21:45:09,Starbucks (SBUX) Stock Moves -0.47%: What You Should Know,"Starbucks (SBUX) closed the most recent trading day at $79.05, moving -0.47% from the previous trading session. This change was narrower than the S&P 500's daily loss of 1.64%. At the same time, the Dow lost 1.05%, and the tech-heavy Nasdaq lost 0.41%.Heading into today, shares of the coffee chain had gained 2.5% over the past month, outpacing the Retail-Wholesale sector's loss of 3.57% and the S&P 500's gain of 0.73% in that time.Wall Street will be looking for positivity from Starbucks as it approaches its next earnings report date. On that day, Starbucks is projected to report earnings of $0.78 per share, which would represent a year-over-year decline of 22.77%. Meanwhile, the Zacks Consensus Estimate for revenue is projecting net sales of $8.21 billion, up 9.5% from the year-ago period.SBUX's full-year Zacks Consensus Estimates are calling for earnings of $2.92 per share and revenue of $32.38 billion. These results would represent year-over-year changes of -9.88% and +11.42%, respectively.It is also important to note the recent changes to analyst estimates for Starbucks. These revisions typically reflect the latest short-term business trends, which can change frequently. As a result, we can interpret positive estimate revisions as a good sign for the company's business outlook.Our research shows that these estimate changes are directly correlated with near-term stock prices. To benefit from this, we have developed the Zacks Rank, a proprietary model which takes these estimate changes into account and provides an actionable rating system.The Zacks Rank system ranges from #1 (Strong Buy) to #5 (Strong Sell). It has a remarkable, outside-audited track record of success, with #1 stocks delivering an average annual return of +25% since 1988. Over the past month, the Zacks Consensus EPS estimate has moved 7.25% lower. Starbucks currently has a Zacks Rank of #5 (Strong Sell).Looking at its valuation, Starbucks is holding a Forward P/E ratio of 27.17. Its industry sports an average Forward P/E of 20.73, so we one might conclude that Starbucks is trading at a premium comparatively.Story continuesWe can also see that SBUX currently has a PEG ratio of 2.31. The PEG ratio is similar to the widely-used P/E ratio, but this metric also takes the company's expected earnings growth rate into account. SBUX's industry had an average PEG ratio of 1.85 as of yesterday's close.The Retail - Restaurants industry is part of the Retail-Wholesale sector. This group has a Zacks Industry Rank of 205, putting it in the bottom 19% of all 250+ industries.The Zacks Industry Rank gauges the strength of our individual industry groups by measuring the average Zacks Rank of the individual stocks within the groups. Our research shows that the top 50% rated industries outperform the bottom half by a factor of 2 to 1.Make sure to utilize Zacks.com to follow all of these stock-moving metrics, and more, in the coming trading sessions.Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Starbucks Corporation (SBUX) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research",SBUX,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/starbucks-sbux-stock-moves-0-214509542.html
2022-06-03 21:45:09,Southwest Airlines (LUV) Stock Moves -1.64%: What You Should Know,"Southwest Airlines (LUV) closed the most recent trading day at $43.84, moving -1.64% from the previous trading session. This change traded in line with S&P 500. At the same time, the Dow lost 1.05%, and the tech-heavy Nasdaq lost 0.41%.Heading into today, shares of the airline had lost 5.17% over the past month, lagging the Transportation sector's gain of 0.87% and the S&P 500's gain of 0.73% in that time.Wall Street will be looking for positivity from Southwest Airlines as it approaches its next earnings report date. This is expected to be July 28, 2022. On that day, Southwest Airlines is projected to report earnings of $0.91 per share, which would represent year-over-year growth of 360%.LUV's full-year Zacks Consensus Estimates are calling for earnings of $2.28 per share and revenue of $23.26 billion. These results would represent year-over-year changes of +206.05% and +47.33%, respectively.Investors should also note any recent changes to analyst estimates for Southwest Airlines. These recent revisions tend to reflect the evolving nature of short-term business trends. With this in mind, we can consider positive estimate revisions a sign of optimism about the company's business outlook.Research indicates that these estimate revisions are directly correlated with near-term share price momentum. To benefit from this, we have developed the Zacks Rank, a proprietary model which takes these estimate changes into account and provides an actionable rating system.The Zacks Rank system, which ranges from #1 (Strong Buy) to #5 (Strong Sell), has an impressive outside-audited track record of outperformance, with #1 stocks generating an average annual return of +25% since 1988. Within the past 30 days, our consensus EPS projection has moved 0.7% higher. Southwest Airlines is currently sporting a Zacks Rank of #1 (Strong Buy).In terms of valuation, Southwest Airlines is currently trading at a Forward P/E ratio of 19.56. Its industry sports an average Forward P/E of 20.16, so we one might conclude that Southwest Airlines is trading at a discount comparatively.Story continuesAlso, we should mention that LUV has a PEG ratio of 3.26. The PEG ratio is similar to the widely-used P/E ratio, but this metric also takes the company's expected earnings growth rate into account. Transportation - Airline stocks are, on average, holding a PEG ratio of 3.26 based on yesterday's closing prices.The Transportation - Airline industry is part of the Transportation sector. This group has a Zacks Industry Rank of 199, putting it in the bottom 22% of all 250+ industries.The Zacks Industry Rank includes is listed in order from best to worst in terms of the average Zacks Rank of the individual companies within each of these sectors. Our research shows that the top 50% rated industries outperform the bottom half by a factor of 2 to 1.To follow LUV in the coming trading sessions, be sure to utilize Zacks.com.Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Southwest Airlines Co. (LUV) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here.","LUV,^GSPC",https://finance.yahoo.com/news/southwest-airlines-luv-stock-moves-214509999.html
2022-06-03 21:45:09,Merck (MRK) Stock Moves -0.1%: What You Should Know,"Merck (MRK) closed the most recent trading day at $89.91, moving -0.1% from the previous trading session. This change was narrower than the S&P 500's 1.64% loss on the day. Meanwhile, the Dow lost 1.05%, and the Nasdaq, a tech-heavy index, lost 0.41%.Prior to today's trading, shares of the pharmaceutical company had gained 2.26% over the past month. This has outpaced the Medical sector's gain of 0.06% and the S&P 500's gain of 0.73% in that time.Investors will be hoping for strength from Merck as it approaches its next earnings release, which is expected to be July 28, 2022. The company is expected to report EPS of $1.69, up 29.01% from the prior-year quarter. Meanwhile, the Zacks Consensus Estimate for revenue is projecting net sales of $13.85 billion, up 21.45% from the year-ago period.Looking at the full year, our Zacks Consensus Estimates suggest analysts are expecting earnings of $7.28 per share and revenue of $57.99 billion. These totals would mark changes of +20.93% and +15.62%, respectively, from last year.Investors should also note any recent changes to analyst estimates for Merck. These revisions help to show the ever-changing nature of near-term business trends. As a result, we can interpret positive estimate revisions as a good sign for the company's business outlook.Based on our research, we believe these estimate revisions are directly related to near-team stock moves. Investors can capitalize on this by using the Zacks Rank. This model considers these estimate changes and provides a simple, actionable rating system.The Zacks Rank system, which ranges from #1 (Strong Buy) to #5 (Strong Sell), has an impressive outside-audited track record of outperformance, with #1 stocks generating an average annual return of +25% since 1988. Over the past month, the Zacks Consensus EPS estimate remained stagnant. Merck currently has a Zacks Rank of #3 (Hold).Investors should also note Merck's current valuation metrics, including its Forward P/E ratio of 12.36. Its industry sports an average Forward P/E of 13.23, so we one might conclude that Merck is trading at a discount comparatively.Story continuesInvestors should also note that MRK has a PEG ratio of 1.22 right now. The PEG ratio is similar to the widely-used P/E ratio, but this metric also takes the company's expected earnings growth rate into account. MRK's industry had an average PEG ratio of 2.27 as of yesterday's close.The Large Cap Pharmaceuticals industry is part of the Medical sector. This industry currently has a Zacks Industry Rank of 94, which puts it in the top 38% of all 250+ industries.The Zacks Industry Rank includes is listed in order from best to worst in terms of the average Zacks Rank of the individual companies within each of these sectors. Our research shows that the top 50% rated industries outperform the bottom half by a factor of 2 to 1.You can find more information on all of these metrics, and much more, on Zacks.com.Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research",MRK,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/merck-mrk-stock-moves-0-214509850.html
2022-06-03 21:45:09,Altria (MO) Stock Moves -0.61%: What You Should Know,"Altria (MO) closed the most recent trading day at $53.82, moving -0.61% from the previous trading session. This change was narrower than the S&P 500's daily loss of 1.64%. At the same time, the Dow lost 1.05%, and the tech-heavy Nasdaq lost 0.41%.Coming into today, shares of the owner of Philip Morris USA, the nation's largest cigarette maker had lost 3.22% in the past month. In that same time, the Consumer Staples sector gained 0.63%, while the S&P 500 gained 0.73%.Investors will be hoping for strength from Altria as it approaches its next earnings release, which is expected to be July 28, 2022. The company is expected to report EPS of $1.25, up 1.63% from the prior-year quarter. Meanwhile, the Zacks Consensus Estimate for revenue is projecting net sales of $5.43 billion, down 3.27% from the year-ago period.For the full year, our Zacks Consensus Estimates are projecting earnings of $4.85 per share and revenue of $20.99 billion, which would represent changes of +5.21% and -0.57%, respectively, from the prior year.Any recent changes to analyst estimates for Altria should also be noted by investors. These revisions help to show the ever-changing nature of near-term business trends. As a result, we can interpret positive estimate revisions as a good sign for the company's business outlook.Our research shows that these estimate changes are directly correlated with near-term stock prices. We developed the Zacks Rank to capitalize on this phenomenon. Our system takes these estimate changes into account and delivers a clear, actionable rating model.The Zacks Rank system, which ranges from #1 (Strong Buy) to #5 (Strong Sell), has an impressive outside-audited track record of outperformance, with #1 stocks generating an average annual return of +25% since 1988. Over the past month, the Zacks Consensus EPS estimate has moved 0.12% higher. Altria is currently sporting a Zacks Rank of #3 (Hold).Digging into valuation, Altria currently has a Forward P/E ratio of 11.17. For comparison, its industry has an average Forward P/E of 10.06, which means Altria is trading at a premium to the group.Story continuesMeanwhile, MO's PEG ratio is currently 2.79. The PEG ratio is similar to the widely-used P/E ratio, but this metric also takes the company's expected earnings growth rate into account. The Tobacco industry currently had an average PEG ratio of 1.95 as of yesterday's close.The Tobacco industry is part of the Consumer Staples sector. This group has a Zacks Industry Rank of 105, putting it in the top 42% of all 250+ industries.The Zacks Industry Rank gauges the strength of our individual industry groups by measuring the average Zacks Rank of the individual stocks within the groups. Our research shows that the top 50% rated industries outperform the bottom half by a factor of 2 to 1.Make sure to utilize Zacks.com to follow all of these stock-moving metrics, and more, in the coming trading sessions.Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Altria Group, Inc. (MO) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here.","MO,^GSPC",https://finance.yahoo.com/news/altria-mo-stock-moves-0-214509921.html
2022-06-03 21:45:09,VALE S.A. (VALE) Stock Moves -1.44%: What You Should Know,"VALE S.A. (VALE) closed at $18.54 in the latest trading session, marking a -1.44% move from the prior day. This change was narrower than the S&P 500's daily loss of 1.64%. At the same time, the Dow lost 1.05%, and the tech-heavy Nasdaq lost 0.41%.Prior to today's trading, shares of the company had gained 17.49% over the past month. This has outpaced the Basic Materials sector's gain of 3.76% and the S&P 500's gain of 0.73% in that time.Wall Street will be looking for positivity from VALE S.A. as it approaches its next earnings report date. This is expected to be July 28, 2022. In that report, analysts expect VALE S.A. to post earnings of $1.28 per share. This would mark a year-over-year decline of 19.5%. Our most recent consensus estimate is calling for quarterly revenue of $14.24 billion, down 14.58% from the year-ago period.VALE's full-year Zacks Consensus Estimates are calling for earnings of $4.48 per share and revenue of $53.96 billion. These results would represent year-over-year changes of -17.04% and -2.08%, respectively.Investors should also note any recent changes to analyst estimates for VALE S.A.These revisions help to show the ever-changing nature of near-term business trends. As a result, we can interpret positive estimate revisions as a good sign for the company's business outlook.Our research shows that these estimate changes are directly correlated with near-term stock prices. To benefit from this, we have developed the Zacks Rank, a proprietary model which takes these estimate changes into account and provides an actionable rating system.The Zacks Rank system ranges from #1 (Strong Buy) to #5 (Strong Sell). It has a remarkable, outside-audited track record of success, with #1 stocks delivering an average annual return of +25% since 1988. Over the past month, the Zacks Consensus EPS estimate has moved 2.29% higher. VALE S.A. is currently sporting a Zacks Rank of #3 (Hold).Looking at its valuation, VALE S.A. is holding a Forward P/E ratio of 4.2. Its industry sports an average Forward P/E of 5.92, so we one might conclude that VALE S.A. is trading at a discount comparatively.Story continuesMeanwhile, VALE's PEG ratio is currently 1.13. This popular metric is similar to the widely-known P/E ratio, with the difference being that the PEG ratio also takes into account the company's expected earnings growth rate. The Mining - Iron was holding an average PEG ratio of 1.13 at yesterday's closing price.The Mining - Iron industry is part of the Basic Materials sector. This group has a Zacks Industry Rank of 33, putting it in the top 14% of all 250+ industries.The Zacks Industry Rank gauges the strength of our individual industry groups by measuring the average Zacks Rank of the individual stocks within the groups. Our research shows that the top 50% rated industries outperform the bottom half by a factor of 2 to 1.To follow VALE in the coming trading sessions, be sure to utilize Zacks.com.Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report VALE S.A. (VALE) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here.",VALE,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/vale-vale-stock-moves-1-214509699.html
2022-06-03 21:45:09,Lam Research (LRCX) Dips More Than Broader Markets: What You Should Know,"Lam Research (LRCX) closed at $513.98 in the latest trading session, marking a -1.78% move from the prior day. This move lagged the S&P 500's daily loss of 1.64%. At the same time, the Dow lost 1.05%, and the tech-heavy Nasdaq lost 0.41%.Prior to today's trading, shares of the semiconductor equipment maker had gained 8.72% over the past month. This has outpaced the Computer and Technology sector's loss of 0.9% and the S&P 500's gain of 0.73% in that time.Investors will be hoping for strength from Lam Research as it approaches its next earnings release. On that day, Lam Research is projected to report earnings of $7.30 per share, which would represent a year-over-year decline of 9.77%. Meanwhile, the Zacks Consensus Estimate for revenue is projecting net sales of $4.21 billion, up 1.53% from the year-ago period.Looking at the full year, our Zacks Consensus Estimates suggest analysts are expecting earnings of $31.59 per share and revenue of $16.8 billion. These totals would mark changes of +15.97% and +14.86%, respectively, from last year.Any recent changes to analyst estimates for Lam Research should also be noted by investors. Recent revisions tend to reflect the latest near-term business trends. As such, positive estimate revisions reflect analyst optimism about the company's business and profitability.Based on our research, we believe these estimate revisions are directly related to near-team stock moves. To benefit from this, we have developed the Zacks Rank, a proprietary model which takes these estimate changes into account and provides an actionable rating system.The Zacks Rank system ranges from #1 (Strong Buy) to #5 (Strong Sell). It has a remarkable, outside-audited track record of success, with #1 stocks delivering an average annual return of +25% since 1988. Over the past month, the Zacks Consensus EPS estimate has moved 0.08% lower. Lam Research is currently a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold).Investors should also note Lam Research's current valuation metrics, including its Forward P/E ratio of 16.57. This valuation marks a premium compared to its industry's average Forward P/E of 16.17.Story continuesInvestors should also note that LRCX has a PEG ratio of 1.07 right now. This metric is used similarly to the famous P/E ratio, but the PEG ratio also takes into account the stock's expected earnings growth rate. The Semiconductor Equipment - Wafer Fabrication industry currently had an average PEG ratio of 1.75 as of yesterday's close.The Semiconductor Equipment - Wafer Fabrication industry is part of the Computer and Technology sector. This industry currently has a Zacks Industry Rank of 232, which puts it in the bottom 9% of all 250+ industries.The Zacks Industry Rank gauges the strength of our industry groups by measuring the average Zacks Rank of the individual stocks within the groups. Our research shows that the top 50% rated industries outperform the bottom half by a factor of 2 to 1.Be sure to follow all of these stock-moving metrics, and many more, on Zacks.com.Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Lam Research Corporation (LRCX) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research",LRCX,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/lam-research-lrcx-dips-more-214509195.html
2022-06-03 21:45:09,Commercial Metals (CMC) Stock Moves -1.38%: What You Should Know,"In the latest trading session, Commercial Metals (CMC) closed at $40, marking a -1.38% move from the previous day. This move was narrower than the S&P 500's daily loss of 1.64%. Elsewhere, the Dow lost 1.05%, while the tech-heavy Nasdaq lost 0.41%.Heading into today, shares of the manufacturer and recycler of steel and metal products had gained 1.73% over the past month, lagging the Basic Materials sector's gain of 3.76% and outpacing the S&P 500's gain of 0.73% in that time.Commercial Metals will be looking to display strength as it nears its next earnings release, which is expected to be June 16, 2022. In that report, analysts expect Commercial Metals to post earnings of $1.97 per share. This would mark year-over-year growth of 89.42%. Meanwhile, our latest consensus estimate is calling for revenue of $2.34 billion, up 26.91% from the prior-year quarter.Looking at the full year, our Zacks Consensus Estimates suggest analysts are expecting earnings of $8.75 per share and revenue of $8.75 billion. These totals would mark changes of +147.88% and +29.96%, respectively, from last year.Any recent changes to analyst estimates for Commercial Metals should also be noted by investors. These recent revisions tend to reflect the evolving nature of short-term business trends. As a result, we can interpret positive estimate revisions as a good sign for the company's business outlook.Research indicates that these estimate revisions are directly correlated with near-term share price momentum. We developed the Zacks Rank to capitalize on this phenomenon. Our system takes these estimate changes into account and delivers a clear, actionable rating model.The Zacks Rank system ranges from #1 (Strong Buy) to #5 (Strong Sell). It has a remarkable, outside-audited track record of success, with #1 stocks delivering an average annual return of +25% since 1988. Within the past 30 days, our consensus EPS projection has moved 1.6% higher. Commercial Metals is currently sporting a Zacks Rank of #2 (Buy).Story continuesValuation is also important, so investors should note that Commercial Metals has a Forward P/E ratio of 4.64 right now. This represents a premium compared to its industry's average Forward P/E of 3.89.The Steel - Producers industry is part of the Basic Materials sector. This industry currently has a Zacks Industry Rank of 19, which puts it in the top 8% of all 250+ industries.The Zacks Industry Rank gauges the strength of our individual industry groups by measuring the average Zacks Rank of the individual stocks within the groups. Our research shows that the top 50% rated industries outperform the bottom half by a factor of 2 to 1.Make sure to utilize Zacks.com to follow all of these stock-moving metrics, and more, in the coming trading sessions.Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Commercial Metals Company (CMC) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here.",CMC,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/commercial-metals-cmc-stock-moves-214509227.html
2022-06-03 21:45:09,Blackstone Inc. (BX) Stock Moves -0.3%: What You Should Know,"In the latest trading session, Blackstone Inc. (BX) closed at $121.35, marking a -0.3% move from the previous day. This change was narrower than the S&P 500's 1.64% loss on the day. At the same time, the Dow lost 1.05%, and the tech-heavy Nasdaq lost 0.41%.Coming into today, shares of the investment manager had gained 15.96% in the past month. In that same time, the Finance sector gained 2.16%, while the S&P 500 gained 0.73%.Blackstone Inc. will be looking to display strength as it nears its next earnings release. On that day, Blackstone Inc. is projected to report earnings of $1.54 per share, which would represent year-over-year growth of 87.8%. Meanwhile, our latest consensus estimate is calling for revenue of $3.64 billion, up 71.8% from the prior-year quarter.Looking at the full year, our Zacks Consensus Estimates suggest analysts are expecting earnings of $5.71 per share and revenue of $13.85 billion. These totals would mark changes of +19.71% and +18.76%, respectively, from last year.Investors might also notice recent changes to analyst estimates for Blackstone Inc.These recent revisions tend to reflect the evolving nature of short-term business trends. With this in mind, we can consider positive estimate revisions a sign of optimism about the company's business outlook.Research indicates that these estimate revisions are directly correlated with near-term share price momentum. To benefit from this, we have developed the Zacks Rank, a proprietary model which takes these estimate changes into account and provides an actionable rating system.The Zacks Rank system, which ranges from #1 (Strong Buy) to #5 (Strong Sell), has an impressive outside-audited track record of outperformance, with #1 stocks generating an average annual return of +25% since 1988. Over the past month, the Zacks Consensus EPS estimate remained stagnant. Blackstone Inc. is holding a Zacks Rank of #3 (Hold) right now.Valuation is also important, so investors should note that Blackstone Inc. has a Forward P/E ratio of 21.32 right now. This valuation marks a premium compared to its industry's average Forward P/E of 10.51.Story continuesIt is also worth noting that BX currently has a PEG ratio of 1.29. This metric is used similarly to the famous P/E ratio, but the PEG ratio also takes into account the stock's expected earnings growth rate. BX's industry had an average PEG ratio of 0.78 as of yesterday's close.The Financial - Miscellaneous Services industry is part of the Finance sector. This industry currently has a Zacks Industry Rank of 219, which puts it in the bottom 14% of all 250+ industries.The Zacks Industry Rank includes is listed in order from best to worst in terms of the average Zacks Rank of the individual companies within each of these sectors. Our research shows that the top 50% rated industries outperform the bottom half by a factor of 2 to 1.Be sure to follow all of these stock-moving metrics, and many more, on Zacks.com.Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Blackstone Inc. (BX) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here.","BX,^GSPC",https://finance.yahoo.com/news/blackstone-inc-bx-stock-moves-214509730.html
2022-06-03 21:45:09,Abbott (ABT) Stock Moves -0.8%: What You Should Know,"In the latest trading session, Abbott (ABT) closed at $116.57, marking a -0.8% move from the previous day. This change was narrower than the S&P 500's 1.64% loss on the day. At the same time, the Dow lost 1.05%, and the tech-heavy Nasdaq lost 0.41%.Coming into today, shares of the maker of infant formula, medical devices and drugs had gained 3.98% in the past month. In that same time, the Medical sector gained 0.06%, while the S&P 500 gained 0.73%.Abbott will be looking to display strength as it nears its next earnings release. The company is expected to report EPS of $1.11, down 5.13% from the prior-year quarter. Meanwhile, our latest consensus estimate is calling for revenue of $10.34 billion, up 1.1% from the prior-year quarter.ABT's full-year Zacks Consensus Estimates are calling for earnings of $4.82 per share and revenue of $41.62 billion. These results would represent year-over-year changes of -7.49% and -3.38%, respectively.Any recent changes to analyst estimates for Abbott should also be noted by investors. These recent revisions tend to reflect the evolving nature of short-term business trends. As such, positive estimate revisions reflect analyst optimism about the company's business and profitability.Based on our research, we believe these estimate revisions are directly related to near-team stock moves. To benefit from this, we have developed the Zacks Rank, a proprietary model which takes these estimate changes into account and provides an actionable rating system.The Zacks Rank system ranges from #1 (Strong Buy) to #5 (Strong Sell). It has a remarkable, outside-audited track record of success, with #1 stocks delivering an average annual return of +25% since 1988. Over the past month, the Zacks Consensus EPS estimate has moved 1.23% lower. Abbott is holding a Zacks Rank of #3 (Hold) right now.Digging into valuation, Abbott currently has a Forward P/E ratio of 24.39. This represents a premium compared to its industry's average Forward P/E of 22.99.Story continuesIt is also worth noting that ABT currently has a PEG ratio of 3.11. This popular metric is similar to the widely-known P/E ratio, with the difference being that the PEG ratio also takes into account the company's expected earnings growth rate. ABT's industry had an average PEG ratio of 1.79 as of yesterday's close.The Medical - Products industry is part of the Medical sector. This group has a Zacks Industry Rank of 173, putting it in the bottom 32% of all 250+ industries.The Zacks Industry Rank gauges the strength of our industry groups by measuring the average Zacks Rank of the individual stocks within the groups. Our research shows that the top 50% rated industries outperform the bottom half by a factor of 2 to 1.Make sure to utilize Zacks.com to follow all of these stock-moving metrics, and more, in the coming trading sessions.Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Abbott Laboratories (ABT) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here.","ABT,^GSPC",https://finance.yahoo.com/news/abbott-abt-stock-moves-0-214509752.html
2022-06-07 21:28:59,Bear Market News And How To Handle A Market Correction,What is a bear market? What should investors do in a market correction? How can you spot a bear market bottom? Get answers here.,^GSPC,https://finance.yahoo.com/m/b17261b4-7579-3a4d-b9cc-a38f9e44b33f/bear-market-news-and-how-to.html
2022-06-03 21:29:00,Eaton Looks Ready for an Electrifying Recharge. Its Stock Could Jump 30%.,The big manufacturer could be a prime beneficiary as the world moves away from fossil fuels. Why the stock could jump 30%.,,https://finance.yahoo.com/m/81958a30-add7-3d66-b8c4-39b7f9aadca8/eaton-looks-ready-for-an.html
2022-06-03 20:54:37,IBD Stock Of The Day: Utility Giant Exelon Is Electrifying The Market,"Exelon is Friday's IBD Stock Of The Day as the Chicago-based energy provider approaches a buy point. EXC stock has maintained a powerful 15-month uptrend despite recent major business changes. Exelon is the country's largest utility company, serving more than 10 million customers through six fully regulated transmission and distribution utilities.",EXCVV,https://finance.yahoo.com/m/6ed81aca-5a75-3e82-8894-4fea91e505a0/ibd-stock-of-the-day-utility.html
2022-06-03 20:49:24,"GLOBAL MARKETS-Global stock markets fall, U.S. yields rise after strong employment data","* Wall Street stocks finish lower* Benchmark 10-year yields reach two-week high* May U.S. jobs report beats expectations* U.S. dollar index extends gains* Oil prices edge higher* Safe-haven gold drops nearly 1% (Updates with U.S. markets close)By Chibuike OguhNEW YORK, June 3 (Reuters) - Global equity markets fell as U.S. Treasury yields reached two-week highs on Friday after data showed the American economy generated a greater-than-expected number of jobs in May, signaling the Federal Reserve will likely continue raising interest rates in its effort to curb inflation.The Labor Department's closely watched employment report showed the U.S. economy added 390,000 jobs in May, with the unemployment rate holding steady at 3.6% for a third straight month, beating most analyst estimates.Traders were hoping the jobs report would reveal stronger signs of weakness in the U.S. economy that would help persuade the Fed to soften its stance on inflation and interest rates to avoid triggering a recession.""It was strength across the board with the exception of retail trade, and the economy on the jobs front continues to power forward,"" said Josh Wein, portfolio manager at Hennessy Funds in Chapel Hill, North Carolina. ""The Fed still needs to unfortunately destroy a little bit of demand and they are going to continue to do that for at least the next few meetings with 50-point rate hikes.""The MSCI world equity index, which tracks shares in 50 countries, was down 1.14%. The pan-European STOXX 600 index was down 0.26%.U.S. Treasury yields advanced to two-week highs after the strong jobs data. Benchmark 10-year notes were up at 2.946%, while the rate-sensitive two-year year note gained and was up at 2.6606%.On Wall Street, all three major indexes closed lower, pushed down by sell-offs in the technology, consumer discretionary, communication services, financials and industrials sectors.The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 1.05% to 32,899.7, the S&P 500 lost 1.63% to 4,108.54 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 2.47% to 12,012.73.Story continues""Some of the rally (in equities) of late was due to the Fed acknowledging that in the fall they could reassess and take a pause perhaps. But the market is retracing some of their earlier losses and saying basically that's all off the table,"" Wein said.The U.S. dollar edged higher against a basket of currencies after the employment report. The dollar index rose 0.393%, with the euro was down 0.25% to $1.0718.Oil prices settled higher, buoyed by expectations that OPEC's decision to increase production targets by slightly more than planned will not affect tight global supply much and by rising demand as China eases COVID-19 pandemic-related restrictions.Brent crude rose 1.8%, to settle at $119.72 a barrel and U.S. West Texas Intermediate crude advanced 1.7% to $118.87. Both benchmarks were up by more than $3 in after-hours trading.Gold prices fell nearly 1% after bullion's appeal was dented by the rise in the U.S. dollar and Treasury yields following the strong jobs data.Spot gold dropped 0.9% to $1,850.57 an ounce, while U.S. gold futures fell 0.99% to $1,848.10 an ounce. (Reporting by Chibuike Oguh in New York; editing by Jonathan Oatis and Will Dunham)","^DJI,^GSPC,ZG=F,COMP,GC=F",https://finance.yahoo.com/news/global-markets-global-stock-markets-204924170.html
2022-06-03 20:43:46,Market Wrap: Altcoins Underperform as Bearish Sentiment Rises,"Don't miss CoinDesk's Consensus 2022, the must-attend crypto & blockchain festival experience of the year in Austin, TX this June 9-12.Bitcoin (BTC) declined from a high of $30,658 during the New York trading day as buyers remained on the sidelines. The cryptocurrency is up by 3% over the past week, but has struggled to outperform a majority of alternative cryptos (altcoins).Internet Computer's ICP token pared Thursday's gains and declined by 10% over the past 24 hours, compared with BTC's flat performance over the same period. Avalanche's AVAX token and Solana's SOL token were down by 4% on Friday, while Polkadot's DOT token rose by 4%.Sentiment among crypto traders remains bearish, evidenced by a downtick in the bitcoin Fear & Greed Index over the past few days. The index moved deeper into ""extreme fear"" territory, similar to what occurred in January of this year, which preceded an upswing in BTC's price.Still, technical indicators suggest limited upside for bitcoin, particularly at its 50-day moving average, currently at $34,177.In traditional markets, the S&P 500 and Nasdaq declined on Friday as the 10-year Treasury yield ticked higher. Gold was also lower on Friday, and is down by 5% over the past three months, compared with a 25% loss in BTC and a 4% dip in the S&P 500 over the same period.Latest prices●Bitcoin (BTC): $29,548, −2.35%●Ether (ETH): $1,749, −3.87%●S&P 500 daily close: 4,108, −1.64%●Gold: $1,854 per troy ounce, −0.69%●Ten-year Treasury yield daily close: 2.96%Short-term upswing?Some analysts expect crypto prices to stabilize over the short term, which typically occurs after periods of significant price declines.""For BTC and ETH, the current drawdown is now identical to the 2020 [COVID-19] drawdown. It is possible that we see a short-term bounce from these oversold levels,"" QCP Capital, a Singapore-based crypto trading firm wrote in a Friday report. A similar peak-to-trough decline occurred in the S&P 500 and Nasdaq, which could point to a short-term relief bounce in speculative assets.Story continuesStill, in 2017, it took roughly one year for BTC and ETH to reach a trough, which means upside could be limited until an absolute bottom in price occurs, according to QCP.Relative drawdowns (QCP Capital)Bitcoin dominance intactSo far, some crypto traders have been reducing their exposure to risk. Typically, during down markets altcoins decline by more than bitcoin because of their greater risk profile. As a result, bitcoin's market cap rises relative to the total crypto market cap (dominance ratio) during bear markets.The chart below shows a recent breakout in the BTC dominance ratio, similar to what occurred in 2018. That means a reversal of the risk-on environment over the past two years is underway. An increase in the dominance ratio toward 50% could offer some relief for altcoins relative to BTC, albeit within the context of a confirmed bearish cycle for cryptocurrencies.For now, upside price moves are confined to short-term trading ranges.Bitcoin dominance ratio (Damanick Dantes/CoinDesk, TradingView)Altcoin roundupChainlink expands to Solana: The blockchain oracle network said Friday that developers who build decentralized finance (DeFi) applications on the Solana mainnet can now incorporate seven of Chainlink’s price feeds into their products. Popular decentralized finance (DeFi) projects including Aave, Compound and dYdX already use Chainlink’s data services.WAVES's wild ride: WAVES, a token based on the Waves public blockchain that enables users to access Web 3 apps, experienced a two-fold increase over the past week. “We have to work on the algorithm” after several depeggings from the dollar, founder Sasha Ivanov said on CoinDesk TV’s “First Mover” program earlier this week. WAVES is still down by 84% from its all-time high in March.Volume stabilizes: ""We have seen more balanced flows although it seems both buyers and sellers have been reluctant to get too aggressive, in our view. BTC and ETH continue to dominate trading volumes. Cardano's ADA saw larger volumes as its token climbed as much as 36% in the days leading up to month end,"" David Duong, head of institutional research at Coinbase, wrote in an email.Relevant insightJapan Passes Landmark Stablecoin Bill for Investor Protection: Report: The new legal framework will take effect in a year.Middle East Oil Producers Move Into Bitcoin Mining With Crusoe Energy Stakes: The U.S. startup – which uses flared natural gas to power bitcoin mining rigs – counts the sovereign wealth funds of Abu Dhabi and Oman as investors.Riot Blockchain Sells More Bitcoin, Trims Hashrate Guidance: It’s the miner’s third consecutive month of bitcoin sales.Consumers Lost Over $1B to Crypto Fraud Since January 2021, FTC Says: Crypto is quickly becoming the ""payment of choice for many scammers,"" says the agency.Market Rout Prompts Analyst to Slash Bitcoin Miners’ Price Targets by Average of 65%: BTIG’s analyst remains positive on the longer-term outlook for the miners, however, and is sticking with his buy ratings for the stocks.Crypto Firms, Especially Exchanges, Slash Jobs as Market Rout Continues: Many crypto companies are announcing substantial job cuts and hiring freezes amid challenging times for cryptocurrency and equity markets.Opinion: Are Exchange Layoffs the First Sign of Crypto Winter, or Is It Already Over?: Coinbase, Gemini and other crypto exchanges are laying off employees. Things could get worse from here – but there’s reason to hope for a soft landing, according to CoinDesk's David Morris.Opinion: Tackling the Quantum Threat to Bitcoin: It's time the crypto community faced up to the challenge of super-computing to their networks, according to Michael Casey, CoinDesk's chief content officer.Other marketsMost digital assets in the CoinDesk 20 ended the day lower.Biggest GainersAssetTickerReturnsDACS SectorStellarXLM+1.6%Smart Contract PlatformBiggest LosersAssetTickerReturnsDACS SectorInternet ComputerICP−10.2%ComputingPolkadotDOT−5.6%Smart Contract PlatformSolanaSOL−5.5%Smart Contract PlatformSector classifications are provided via the Digital Asset Classification Standard (DACS), developed by CoinDesk Indices to provide a reliable, comprehensive and standardized classification system for digital assets. The CoinDesk 20 is a ranking of the largest digital assets by volume on trusted exchanges.","BTC-USD,NG=F,ZG=F,ETH-USD,GC=F",https://finance.yahoo.com/news/market-wrap-altcoins-underperform-bearish-204346680.html
2022-06-03 20:36:12,US STOCKS-Wall St ends down with strong jobs data keeping the pressure on for rate hikes,"(For a Reuters live blog on U.S., UK and European stock markets, click LIVE/ or type LIVE/ in a news window)* Apple, Tesla are S&P's biggest drags* Solid jobs report keeps focus on rate hike expectations* Indexes fall: Dow 1.05%, S&P 1.63%, Nasdaq 2.47% (Adds market details and data after the close of trading)By Sinéad Carew, Devik Jain and Anisha SircarJune 3 (Reuters) - Wall Street's three major stock indexes ended lower on Friday after a solid jobs report ate in to hopes for a pause in the Federal Reserve's aggressive policy-tightening which is needed to cool decades-high inflation.The technology-heavy Nasdaq led the declines, falling 2.5% as shares of market heavyweights Apple Inc and Tesla Inc were the biggest drags on the market.Earlier, the Labor Department's closely watched report showed nonfarm payrolls rose by 390,000 jobs last month and wages grew, while the unemployment rate held steady at 3.6% - all signs of a tight labor market.Economists polled by Reuters had forecast that nonfarm payrolls would rise by 325,000 jobs.While the jobs report was reassuring for the current state of the economy, investors focused primarily on its potential influence on central bank policy.""The market is trying to funnel its response through what the Fed may or may not do,"" said Nela Richardson, chief economist at ADP, who expects the market to continue to seesaw as a result of uncertainty around interest rates and inflation.Shawn Snyder, head of investment strategy at Citi Personal Wealth Management, saw the solid report as a double-edged sword.""It's telling us the economy is in fairly good shape which is good news but when viewed in the context of what it means for the Federal Reserve and tightening monetary policy it likely makes them more confident they can continue to tighten,"" he said. ""That comes through as a bit of a negative for investors because they're hoping for the Fed to pause later this year.""Story continuesMoney markets are fully pricing in 50 basis-point rate hikes by the Fed in June and July.While the May report's slower-than-expected increase in hourly earnings looked like good news for inflation, Snyder cited rising oil prices as an offsetting factor.The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 348.58 points, or 1.05%, to 32,899.7, the S&P 500 lost 68.28 points, or 1.63%, to 4,108.54 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 304.16 points, or 2.47%, to 12,012.73.Among the S&P's 11 major sectors consumer discretionary was the weakest with a 2.9% drop followed by technology's 2.5% drop. The energy index, up 1.4%, was the only gainer of the pack, as oil prices rose.For the week, the S&P 500 fell 1.2% while the Nasdaq declined 0.98% and the Dow lost 0.94% after all three indexes had risen sharply the week before.Volatility has gripped Wall Street in recent weeks as investors debated whether markets had hit a bottom against the backdrop of some hawkish comments from Fed officials and data suggesting that inflation may have peaked.""For right now, the economy looks OK. And the labor market as a signal of the real economy on Main Street looks incredibly solid,"" said ADP's Richardson, adding she sees inflation as ""a threat to that outlook"" even if it may have peaked.""The peak is less relevant than the staying power of inflation and elevated rates,"" she said. ""That's why wages in this report were so material. While wage growth may not drive up inflation past the peak, it could play a strong role in keeping inflation around these higher levels much longer than anybody wants or anticipates.""IPhone maker Apple finished down 3.9% after a bearish brokerage outlook and a report that EU countries and lawmakers would agree next week on a common charging port for mobile devices and headphones - a proposal Apple has criticized.Tesla shares sank 9.2% after CEO Elon Musk, in an email to executives seen by Reuters, said he has a ""super bad feeling"" about the economy and needs to cut about 10% of jobs at the electric car maker.Meanwhile, after markets closed, FTSE Russell was due to reveal an early list of index members as a part of its annual reconstitution aimed at reflecting shifts in the broader market.Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 2.68-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.79-to-1 ratio favored decliners.The S&P 500 posted 1 new 52-week high and 29 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 32 new highs and 88 new lows.On U.S. exchanges 9.42 billion shares changed hands on Friday compared with the 12.89 billion average for the last 20 sessions. (Reporting by Sinead Carew in New York Additional reporting by Sruthi Shankar, Medha Singh, Devik Jain and Anisha Sircar in Bengaluru Editing by Maju Samuel and Matthew Lewis)","^DJI,^GSPC,COMP,AAPL,TSLA",https://finance.yahoo.com/news/us-stocks-wall-st-ends-203612208.html
2022-06-03 20:32:00," Stocks End Lower After Jobs Data: Tesla, Apple, Micron Drag Tech","Stocks finished lower following a mixed May employment report, with investors focused on both growth and inflation prospects for the world's biggest economy.",TSLA,https://finance.yahoo.com/m/fce86d86-3559-338c-b791-129253e59fc8/stock-market-today-6-3-.html
2022-06-03 20:30:26,"Forest Park Plaza LLC Acquires Living Fresh Market, One of the Largest Supermarkets in Chicago’s Near Western Suburbs","Officials from Forest Park Plaza LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Living Word Christian Center, the company that owns and operates the 33-acre outdoor shopping, dining and worship center at 7600 Roosevelt Road in this suburb five miles west of Chicago, announced today that they have acquired Living Fresh Market, the 70,000 square feet supermarket that has been one of the anchors in the plaza for the past four years.Living Fresh Market was opened in May 2018 by Dan Casaccio, a member of a family who has been in the grocery business for nearly a century. It replaced Ultra Foods, which left a big void in the access to fresh food and produce when it closed four years ago in this racially and economically mixed village of about 14,300 residents.The new owners, Dr. Bill Winston and his family, purchased the plaza in 1997. With the change in ownership, the Winstons become one of a handful of African Americans across the nation who own a large, full-scale supermarket.The change in ownership comes during a volatile period in the food retail industry as a number of major supermarket chains, such as Whole Foods, Save-A-Lot, SuperValu, Aldi, Walgreens and even Walmart have closed grocery stores across the nation, including urban areas that were classified food deserts.In early 2020, with the onset of the global coronavirus epidemic, the grocery business fell into a tailspin. On one end, the business has been robust as the demand for food and other essentials increased, while on the other end, challenges have arisen with worker shortages, food production and the delivery of those products.But the food retail industry has balanced the uncertainties better than most industries, according to a newly released Axios Harris poll. Grocery stores received some of the highest ratings for reliability when it comes to customers gaining access to the products and services they need.This current market climate bodes well for the Winstons, who have established a leading brand in the region for growth and prosperity over the past two decades. In addition to Living Fresh Market, the plaza is also home to Home Owner’s Bargain Outlet (HOBO), a family-owned, factory-direct home improvement retailer; the Carver Innovation Center, one of only five fab labs and maker spaces in Illinois; 28 To Brush Dental, Portillo’s Hot Dogs, Enterprise Leasing, Taco Bell, America’s Best Contacts and Eyeglasses, Royal Christian Bookstores and Cafés, Liberty Bank, Planet Fitness, Principle Dance and Ashley Stewart.Story continuesMelody Winston, director of Real Estate, Operations and Construction for Forest Park Plaza, said the family decided to venture into the grocery business because the opportunity presented itself to expand their portfolio of businesses and make an impact in the community they have served for the past 24 years, starting when Dr. Winston purchased a declining shopping plaza in 1997 to house the church he founded and serves as senior pastor, Living World Christian Center, one of the largest churches in the nation.“Our goal is to present the community with the best supermarket experience,” Winston said. “We will provide the fresh meats, produce and high-quality products that meet the needs of the community. We will upgrade the store, incorporating the latest technological innovations in the supermarket industry, such as Instacart, and we will stay engaged with our customers.”Winston said the renovation has begun, but the grocery store remains open during the transformation under the temporary name Joseph Fresh Market LLC. Part of the new-look includes converting 10,000 square feet of the grocery store into a marketplace for new vendors to display their products. A ribbon-cutting ceremony is scheduled for the Labor Day weekend.“There are people trying to get products on the shelves of a grocery store,” Winston said. “There are people making their own bread, making their own baby food and other specialty items. There is a shortage of baby formula. We will help them work this out and show them how to perfect their product or specialty item for the marketplace.”Another rewarding part of this whole experience, Winston said, has been hiring new staff. “We have some great people,” she said. “I have managers in each department. We even have an old-school butcher.”Forest Park Mayor Rory Hoskins and Representative La Shawn Ford (D-8th) said the acquisition by the Winstons is good news for the community and area.“I am grateful for them stepping in that arena to do what is best for the community,” Ford said. “They are making a sacrifice. It is truly not a business they are looking to get rich in. It is really the mission to provide the community with what it needs, so they can be commended for this.”As the major chains abandon some communities, the Winstons are part of a new movement of Black entrepreneurs stepping up to acquire supermarkets. This is happening in Houston, Oakland, Detroit, Washington and even Chicago.“This is a model for Chicago and for urban communities to have small business owners, who are not connected to the big chains, opening supermarkets in communities,” Ford said. “They are vested in the neighborhoods, not like the big chains that come and go, because the reliance or real science of their success is not the local market, but the big stage. They have grocery stores in many states and if they are failing in other markets, it brings down their profit margins and forces them to close in other areas.”",,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/forest-park-plaza-llc-acquires-203026095.html
2022-06-03 20:26:00,"Stocks Fall After Jobs Report, Suffer Modest Weekly Loss",Markets have experienced heightened volatility in recent months as investors have tried to assess a mix of variables that has clouded their outlook.,^FCHI,https://finance.yahoo.com/m/5e715e7c-a5df-3ba0-b821-f72d242bb95c/stocks-fall-after-jobs.html
2022-06-03 20:25:12,US stocks end week lower after jobs data bolster case for Fed tightening,"US stocks slid to another weekly loss on Friday, after the latest batch of data on the labour market reinforced expectations for aggressive monetary policy tightening from the Federal Reserve. The blue-chip S&P 500 index fell 1.6 per cent on the day, cutting into gains made on Thursday and finishing the week 1.2 per cent lower. The tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite also declined, down 2.5 per cent and giving up 1 per cent for the week.",,https://finance.yahoo.com/m/b62f167e-3c6b-3daf-abb8-76e2d1fa5cef/us-stocks-end-week-lower.html
2022-06-03 20:16:12,Stock Market Today: May's Surprising Jobs Data Slams Brakes on Stocks,"A businessman holding a down arrow  Getty Images It was a ""good news is bad news"" trading session Friday. Rather than cheer a better-than-expected May jobs report, investors pondered how the encouraging numbers would affect the Federal Reserve's path forward.The Labor Department reported that May nonfarm payrolls grew by 390,000, which was much better than the 318,000 expected. It wasn't a perfect report – unemployment of 3.6% was above estimates of 3.5%, while average hourly earnings growth of 0.3% was below expectations for 0.4% – but it still fanned fears that America's central bank would need to keep up its hawkish bent for longer, meaning that stiff 50-basis-point interest-rate hikes could continue past the Fed's summer meetings.SEE MORE The 22 Best Stocks to Buy for 2022""The May employment report perfectly describes the current state of the economy. It is likely still expanding and jobs are still plentiful, but companies are facing elevated compensation costs as consumers grapple with inflation amid a tight labor market,"" says Shawn Snyder, Head of Investment Strategy at Citi U.S. Wealth Management. ""However, the strength of the report is a double-edged sword for investors because a resilient economy will likely make the Fed confident that it can tighten monetary policy further.""Meanwhile, Rick Rieder, BlackRock's chief investment officer of global fixed income, sees a potential shift in May's report.""The persistent headlines of major companies freezing hiring, or reducing staff are clearly indicative of a major change in forward business growth expectations,"" he says. ""This is a watershed moment for the trajectory of payrolls and now directly places the spotlight on how deep this turn will be.""Sign up for Kiplinger's FREE Investing Weekly e-letter for stock, ETF and mutual fund recommendations, and other investing advice.Speaking of reducing staff, Tesla (TSLA, -9.2%) shares bombed after CEO Elon Musk said in an email Friday that he planned to cut 10% of the electric vehicle (EV) maker's roughly 100,000 jobs, citing a ""super bad feeling"" about the American economy. President Joe Biden, asked about Musk's take, countered by listing other automakers who were ramping up investments. ""Well, let me tell you, while Elon Musk is talking about that, Ford (F, -2.8%) is increasing their investment overwhelmingly,"" he said, adding that Stellantis (STLA, -3.6%, formerly Chrysler) was also pouring more money into EVs.Story continuesAlso dragging the market lower was Amazon.com (AMZN, -2.5%), which snapped a six-day, 20%-plus win streak – its best such run since early 2015.SEE MORE 12 Cheapest Small Towns in AmericaThe broader indexes spent Friday retching up much of yesterday's gains. The Nasdaq Composite retreated 2.5% to 12,012, the S&P 500 finished down 1.6% to 4,108 and the Dow Jones Industrial Average dropped by 1.1% to 32,899.stock chart for 060322YChartsOther news in the stock market today:The small-cap Russell 2000 was off by 0.8% to 1,883.U.S. crude futures jumped 1.7% to settle at $118.87 per barrel.Gold futures fell 1.1% to finish at $1,850.20 an ounce.Bitcoin joined in Friday's downturn, declining 2.4% to $29,539.64. (Bitcoin trades 24 hours a day; prices reported here are as of 4 p.m.)American Airlines (AAL) slumped 7.1% after the company updated guidance for several second-quarter metrics. While AAL said it expects revenue to be 11% to 13% higher than where it was in Q2 2019 – up from previous guidance of a 6% to 8% increase – it believes available seat miles in the second quarter, a measure of passenger carrying capacity, will be down 7% to 8% on a two-year basis, wider than its prior outlook for a decline of 6% to 8%. The air carrier also raised its average fuel cost estimate to a per-gallon range of $3.92 to $3.97 from $3.59 to $3.64. AAL dragged several other airline stocks lower today too, with Delta Air Lines (DAL, -3.6%), Spirit Airlines (SAVE, -1.8%) and United Airlines (UAL, -2.9%) among those losing ground.CrowdStrike Holdings (CRWD) reported first-quarter adjusted earnings of 31 cents per share on revenue of $487.8 million, beating analysts' estimates for earnings of 23 cents per share and sales of $465.1 million. The cybersecurity firm also posted annual recurring revenue of $1.9 billion and free cash flow of $158 million – up 61% and 34% year-over-year, respectively. ""Like its larger cybersecurity peers, CRWD argues that industry fundamentals are as strong as they've ever been,"" says UBS Global Research analyst Roger Boyd (Buy). ""In addition, we see a market leading position, high degree of revenue visibility, strong balance sheet and cash flow generation as attributes that can help CRWD succeed in the current macro environment."" Nonetheless, shares slid 6.9% today.Weather Worries by Setting It and Forgetting ItThe worry about 2022's slump is that you can't chalk it up to any one or two things – these losses truly are a team effort.SEE MORE Warren Buffett's Inflation Plan: Buy, Buy, Buy""Rising inflation, supply chain woes, labor market troubles, dwindling consumer spending, and the general downcast sentiment in the economy are having a combined negative impact,"" says Kunal Sawhney, CEO of Australian research firm Kalkine Group. Though he adds that unease over runaway inflation is ""almost contagious"" and that investors ""are also increasingly concerned that Fed's monetary tightening could trigger a recession.""As we've mentioned over the past couple of months, one of your best lines of defense is to position your portfolio to combat inflation. Stocks with exceptional pricing power, as well as investments that are either insulated or benefit from inflation, might be able to help investors ward off at least some continued stock-market losses.But another tack to take is to evaluate the market's best long-term, dividend-paying investments, buy them on the dip, slap on an eye mask and noise-canceling headphones, and let compounding do its thing until you retire – or, if you're already in retirement, let the dividend checks help finance your post-career life.OK, we jest: You shouldn't check out completely, but the point still stands that steady high-yield stocks like these 20 names can provide significant peace of mind when the market hits scary patches of turbulence.Kyle Woodley was long AMZN as of this writing.SEE MORE The 22 Best ETFs to Buy for a Prosperous 2022You may also likeThe Myth of Passive Real Estate InvestingYour Guide to Roth ConversionsWhy Are Gas Prices Still Going Up?","^RUT,COMP,^GSPC,^DJI",https://finance.yahoo.com/news/stock-market-today-mays-surprising-201612656.html
2022-06-03 20:15:00,Microsoft’s Dollar Alarm Raises New Worry for Software Stocks,"(Bloomberg) -- Software makers that have been battered amid this year’s stock slump were dealt another blow this week when Microsoft Corp. warned of even more headwinds coming down the pike.Most Read from BloombergRussia Hits Kyiv With Missiles; Putin Warns West on ArmsSaudis Raise Oil Prices More Than Expected Amid Asia ReboundUS May Allow More Iran Oil to Flow Even Without Deal, Says Vitol‘No Longer Sure Bets’: Tech Giants Are Dropping Bad News DailyWhy Peak Inflation Is Near, According to Experts Who Bet on Short-Lived Price RisesThe world’s largest software maker cut its profit forecast for the current quarter on Thursday and blamed the surging US dollar for an upcoming drag on its earnings to the tune of $460 million. The company’s rare mid-season revision took markets by surprise and briefly sent futures on the S&P 500 Index tumbling.Microsoft and other large US software makers such as Oracle Corp. and Adobe Inc., have complex global operations and higher exposure to foreign currencies. The US Dollar Index has risen more than 7% off a January low, and last month hit its highest in two decades. The more expensive dollar is bound to add to pressures already threatening the companies’ margins such as higher costs.“A strong dollar will be a recurring theme across many large software companies, as most generate over one-third of their sales outside the US,” said Anurag Rana, senior analyst with Bloomberg Intelligence.Soaring U.S. Treasury yields and expectations of tighter monetary policy from the Federal Reserve have caused investors to flee software stocks with pricey valuations and whose profits are expected to be delivered far in the future.Read more: Corporate America Turns Up Volume on Warnings About EconomyThe iShares Expanded Tech-Software Sector ETF is down 26% in 2022, including a drop of 2.3% in Friday’s session. A Goldman Sachs basket of the priciest software names is down more than 45%, while the broad S&P 500 Index is down 14%. Microsoft fell 1.7% on Friday and ended the week with a 1.2% decline.Story continuesDollar HedgeWall Street has been encouraged by strong financial results from software makers this earnings season. Salesforce Inc. this week gave a bullish full-year forecast but said results were hurt by the dollar’s strength, and warned that it expects the issue to extend into the second quarter.Companies with larger exposure to currencies like Salesforce will have to look into hedging strategies to protect against the dollar strength, said Brendan McKenna, a strategist at Wells Fargo. He sees the dollar bulking up against most developed countries’ currencies, as well as those from emerging markets, with few exceptions.For now, analysts have remained sanguine about profits lost to foreign-exchange rates, focusing instead on strong fundamentals that point to the group’s resilience in the face of slowing economic growth.But for some investors, there are still too many risks to justify piling back into software stocks despite more attractive prices.“They’re more attractive than they were, but we won’t chase the quality names lower thinking they’re bargains yet,” Stephen Hoedt, managing director of equity research at Key Private Bank. “Cheap can quickly become cheaper in a rising-rate environment.”(Updates to market close.)Most Read from Bloomberg BusinessweekOz Won by Ditching the Oprahverse for Trump and Planet HannitySheryl Sandberg’s ‘Lean In’ Missed What Most Women NeededIn Seattle’s Burning Hot Real Estate Market, It’s A.I. or BustSeven Ways to Beat Burnout and Get Your Career Back on TrackUkraine’s Tactics Are Showing Smaller Countries How to Fight Back©2022 Bloomberg L.P.",MSFT,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/microsoft-dollar-alarm-raises-worry-190005611.html
2022-06-03 20:14:55,The Great Resignation resulted in women leaving the workforce in droves. Denying them abortion care could dent the labor market,"Last month, on May 11, the Women’s Health Protection Act of 2022—which would have made abortion access a federal law—failed to pass due to opposition from Senate Republicans. The pro-life versus pro-choice debates that our nation is deeply embroiled in have reached a boiling point as the looming threat of a reversal of Roe v. Wade lingers on. While testifying before the Senate Banking Committee on May 10, Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen argued that banning abortion would have “very damaging effects on the economy and set women back decades.”Five decades to be exact, according to Yana van der Meulen Rodgers, the faculty director for the Center for Women and Work at Rutgers University.“If we were to restrict women’s access to abortion, that means going back potentially decades to when we saw sharp declines in women’s labor force participation after giving birth to children,” van der Meulen Rodgers told Fortune. “So I think this could mean a step back by 50 years, and diminishing all the progress women have made since they’ve had access to safe abortion services on a national level, starting in 1973.”Here’s how the elimination of safe and legal abortion access would turn back the clock and, as a result, affect the labor market.Abortion denial could be the final straw for women already struggling in the workplaceIn the first 12 months of the pandemic, women accounted for 53% of U.S. labor force departures, and about 2.3 million women exited the workforce in 2020, per a McKinsey study. One of the main reasons that women left the workforce in droves was childcare, referencing the Society for Human Resource Management. In fact, 23% of female workers with children under 10 years old considered leaving the workforce in 2020 as opposed to 10% of women without children, citing McKinsey.“Cultural expectations of women to prioritize child-rearing, combined with women’s lower average pay, occupational status, and benefits than men (along with the high costs of childcare), mean that women in many heterosexual couples decide to leave work with the birth of a child,” Erin Hatton, associate professor of sociology at the State University of New York at Buffalo, told Fortune. “It just makes sense financially.”Story continuesIt is clear that whether a woman is childless or not factors into her job tenure and career advancement. And growing data suggests that children reduce women’s labor force participation. Because of that, laws restricting or eliminating abortion would directly affect women workers in terms of their career advancement.“For women, being able to choose when to start a family is really key to her career mobility, her earnings, and when and how she enters the labor market,” Nicole Mason, the CEO of the Institute for Women’s Policy Research, told Fortune. “And so taking away that choice will definitely have an adverse effect on women’s participation in the labor market, their career mobility, and being able to stay in the workforce. We already know that women are more likely than their male counterparts to leave the workforce as a result of having a child. So, restricting abortion access for women will definitely increase the likelihood that they will exit the workforce if they’re forced to carry unintended babies to term.”Eliminating abortion would negatively impact workplace diversity“I just want to make the connection here that, at this moment, companies and businesses are in fierce competition for top talent,” Mason told Fortune. “So the impending Supreme Court decision to limit abortion access or the range of reproductive health care options to women will definitely impact a business’s ability to attract and retain top talent: women.”In terms of diversity, limiting abortion access would not solely impact gender diversity, but could also have a negative impact on racial diversity. Black women typically have the highest labor force participation rate of all women, according to the U.S. Department of Labor. In 2014, Black women over the age of 16 had the highest national workforce participation rate at 59.2%, as opposed to white and Latina women who had participation rates of 56.7% and 56% respectively, citing the Institute for Women’s Policy Research. As of November 2021, Black women’s labor force participation rates have risen to 60.3%, according to Brookings. Black women are attractive job candidates because they are among the most educated groups in the country, but they also have the most to lose from abortion bans.The unintended pregnancy rate is almost 2.5 times higher for Black women than for white women, according to Duke University Press. Black women also have the highest abortion rates in the nation. In addition, they are the most likely to be unable to afford interstate travel to terminate pregnancies, in the case that abortion is outlawed in their home state, due to wage disparities.Restricting access to abortion care could mean that women of color exit the labor force for good. Historically, women who dropped out of the workforce during a recession to care for children often struggled to return, being unable to find a job in their prior role or command their prior wages, as reported by CNBC. Nationally, labor force exits associated with the presence of children were more common among Latina women and Black women, and these exits accounted for approximately 25% of the labor force exits above pre-pandemic rates among Latina women and Black women relative to white women, citing the Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis. A key reason that Black and Latina women don’t return to work is that childcare centers in their neighborhoods are much more likely to close, according to a study by researchers at Columbia University’s Center on Poverty & Social Policy. Between mass childcare closures in minority neighborhoods during the pandemic, and the fact that as of 2020, 46.3% of Black children lived solely with their mothers, per the U.S. Census Bureau, the sole burden of childcare often falls onto Black women, which can detrimentally affect their careers. Latina and Black women are more likely to be their family’s sole breadwinners, according to a report from McKinsey. In addition, among those ages 25 to 54, 62% of Black women were unpartnered in 2019, according to the Pew Research Center. This means that forcing Black women to carry unwanted children to term could also be forcing them to give up their means of earning a living, without the cushion of leaning on a partner’s income, given that Black women often do not raise their children in two-partner households. Eliminating abortion access for women, but Black women in particular, increases their odds of falling into poverty and being overwhelmed with childcare, and as a result not adding valuable diversity to the office.Women workers could suffer increased mental health issuesAccording to the Center for American Progress, women living in states with greater access to reproductive health care have higher earnings, higher rates of full-time employment, and greater job opportunities. But an additional byproduct of abortion access is a higher sense of well-being.Women who receive “a wanted abortion are better able to aspire for the future than women who are denied a wanted abortion and must carry an unwanted pregnancy to term,” citing BMC (Boston Medical Center) Women’s Health, a peer reviewed health journal. And the majority of surveyed women—99%—said having an abortion was the right choice five years later, in a Social Science & Medicine study.In contrast, denying women abortions would likely have negative effects on their mental health.People who were denied abortions reported more symptoms of stress and anxiety one week after the event than those who received abortions, per the University of California, San Francisco’s Turnaway study.Victims of sexual violence would face mental health and job consequencesWomen could likely suffer mental health consequences from carrying an unwanted pregnancy to term, emotions that would likely be amplified further in incidences of rape.“I think limiting women's access to the full range of reproductive health care, including abortion access, is violence against women,” Mason told Fortune. “And in the case of a woman who was sexually assaulted or experiencing intimate partner violence, not allowing her to be able to have abortion access does have a definitive impact on her mental health and well-being but also her labor force participation.”The correlation between sexual violence and female labor participation has been documented in countries such as Zimbabwe, Germany, the United Kingdom, as well as the United States. Sexual violence is associated with a 6.6% decline in female labor force participation and a 5.1% decline in wages, according to the American Economic Review. When an assault is followed by an unwanted pregnancy that the mother is legally mandated to keep, the effects could be psychologically devastating in addition to the previous suffering and work penalties.Statistics on the incidents of rape that end in pregnancy are scarce and have not been updated for at least the last 20 years. However, in 1996 the national rape-related pregnancy rate was 5% per rape among victims of reproductive age—ages 12 to 45, according to the American Journal of Obstetrics and Gynecology. Hatton believes that overturning access to safe abortions will amplify the ramifications of sexual violence against female workers.“In addition to physical trauma, sexual violence has long-term mental and physical health consequences, including depression, PTSD, anxiety disorders, sleep disorders, and more,” Hatton told Fortune. “The negative consequences of such violence—which are already incredibly harmful and long-lasting—will only be prolonged and deepened if women are forced to keep pregnancies resulting from that violence. Not surprisingly, such consequences will negatively affect women as workers as well as women as human beings who have a right to autonomy, equality, and freedom from degradation.”This story was originally featured on Fortune.com",,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/great-resignation-resulted-women-leaving-201455718.html
2022-06-03 20:13:08,Lockstep Stock Market Is Forcing Everyone to Be a Macro Trader,"(Bloomberg) -- Day-to-day odds-making on whether the Federal Reserve will cause a recession has become the only thing that matters in equities.Most Read from BloombergRussia Hits Kyiv With Missiles; Putin Warns West on ArmsSaudis Raise Oil Prices More Than Expected Amid Asia Rebound‘No Longer Sure Bets’: Tech Giants Are Dropping Bad News DailyUS May Allow More Iran Oil to Flow Even Without Deal, Says VitolOil Sands Crude Prices Nosedive as Russian Bans Upend MarketOne day feast, next day famine -- obsession with a single input, the economy, has driven measures of correlation among individual stocks to the highest since the coronavirus crash. Whacked around by government data and bond yields, the S&P 500 has now posted intraday swings of 1% or more in 31 straight sessions, the second-longest streak in a decade.Burned by all the volatility, day traders have kicked the stock-picking habit. Meanwhile, hedge funds are diving into macro bets, convinced they have an edge predicting the future.“Investors are consumed with big-picture considerations,” said Steve Sosnick, chief strategist at Interactive Brokers. “It’s just not human nature to be able to necessarily zag when everyone’s zigging -- to be thinking in terms of bottom-up clarity, when the top-down is moving around so dramatically.”Tightening correlations go hand-in-hand with volatility and both are on the rise. May saw nearly unprecedented turmoil in stocks, with S&P 500 plunging more than 3% three different times (as well as on the last day of April), the first time that’s happened since March 2020. The average close-to-close swing in the S&P 500 was 1.5%, the largest in two years.Synchronized moves theoretically create stock-picking opportunities when good companies fall as much as bad, though finding them apparently requires too strong a stomach for the retail-trader set. Last month, they sold single stocks at a rate that almost matched that seen during the bear market trough in March 2020, according to industry-wide data compiled by JPMorgan Chase & Co.Story continuesHedge funds that make both bearish and bullish equity wagers increased their macro bets in May as the market staged a late-month rebound. Their net purchases of products such as exchange-traded funds reached the highest level since November 2020, client data compiled by Goldman Sachs Group Inc.’s prime broker show.“They’re trying to play these macro themes,” said Steve Chiavarone, senior portfolio manager at Federated Hermes. “A lot of retail money got into this market because of a stock story or to buy a disruptor,” he added. “What they didn’t necessarily understand, because they don’t have as much experience in the market, is how the macro backdrop could change on them.”Stocks fell for an eighth week in nine. Energy -- an outlier sector whose rally has bucked the market all year because of surging oil prices -- was the only one of 11 main industries that wasn’t flat or lower over the holiday-shortened period.Friday’s data on a strengthening labor market sparked a selloff across stocks and bonds amid concern that the Fed would need to speed up its inflation-fighting campaign to slow growth. A day earlier, equities rallied when a hiring report trailed estimates. Meanwhile, warnings of an economic downturn are getting louder among corporate executives.Thanks to energy, performance dispersion among sectors has widened by some measures to one of the largest gaps on record. Yet underneath is a growing tendency for shares to move together. Three-month correlation among the top stocks in the S&P 500 has increased to 0.47 from 0.37 in early April, when the reporting season started. (A reading of 1 means they’re moving in unison.) The recent increase is a departure from the past, when individual stocks tended to chart their own course during earnings season.Thursday was an example. Microsoft Corp. initially fell after cutting guidance. But with weaker-than-expected data on private hiring and factory orders signaling a slowdown, hope surfacing for a China reopening, and OPEC+ agreeing to increase the size of its oil-supply hikes, macro considerations prevailed and both the software maker and the Nasdaq 100 ended higher.The market is moving so swiftly, often in opposite directions, that many investors have shortened their investment horizon to avoid being caught wrong-footed. Tom Lee, co-founder of Fundstrat Global Advisors, says one of his clients is scared enough about shifting economic tides that his book becomes nearly flat at the close of every trading day.“In conversation after conversation, investors describe the current macro environment as one of the most uncertain they have ever seen,” Lee wrote in a note. “The macro outlook changes so dramatically given the extreme data dependence, and in turn, whipsawing market views on Fed policy.”Even pros at the same firm can’t agree on the market and economic outlook. While JPMorgan Chief Executive Officer Jamie Dimon warned about an economic “hurricane,” the firm’s strategist Marko Kolanovic said the economy will be able to avoid a recession, helping propel a recovery in stocks later this year. At Citigroup Inc., a similar clash played out.Amid the uncertainty over the path of the Fed’s money tightening and its impact on the economy, investors see a range-bound market. In recent client surveys, 22V Research found that the majority of respondents said, barring any new shocks, they would sell stocks once the S&P 500 rises to a range of 4,200 to 4,350, and turn buyers when the index falls to 3,600. That’s an upside of as much as 6% from Friday’s close of about 4,110, and a decline of more than 12%.“They key headwinds are all macro ones, and short-term trading is driving the tape,” said Michael O’Rourke, chief market strategist at Jonestrading. “The thinking is, if we could get another leg lower because something goes wrong on the macro front, I’d rather wait for that and buy at a cheaper price.”Most Read from Bloomberg BusinessweekOz Won by Ditching the Oprahverse for Trump and Planet HannitySheryl Sandberg’s ‘Lean In’ Missed What Most Women NeededIn Seattle’s Burning Hot Real Estate Market, It’s A.I. or BustSeven Ways to Beat Burnout and Get Your Career Back on TrackFor Finland, a Border With Russia Is Bad. But It’s Better Than No Border at All©2022 Bloomberg L.P.",^GSPC,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/lockstep-stock-market-forcing-everyone-201308633.html
2022-06-03 20:08:19,"May jobs report sends stock market lower, 10-year Treasury yield higher","May's jobs report showed the labor market is even stronger than economists expected.Employers added a robust 390,000 jobs, leaving the unemployment rate at a 50-year low of 3.6%. Average hourly earnings were up 5.2% compared to last May after they increased by $0.10, or 0.3%, to $31.95 in May.But investors didn't take the news well.The Dow Jones Industrial Average closed down more than 1%, after bouncing back later in the day. It was down just under 0.5% as of 1:08 p.m. EST. The S&P 500 and Nasdaq Composite also made minor afternoon gains but remained in negative territory throughout the day. The S&P 500 closed down by 1.64% and the Nasdaq closed down by 2.47%.This comes after a brief bout of optimism for investors after retailers including Macy's, Dollar General and reported stronger than expected earnings as Target, Walmart and other mega-retailers are struggling to turn profits around as consumers cut corners.MAY JOBS REPORT: Hiring stays strong. Unemployment is flat. But is a slowdown coming? Here's what May's job report shows.DRAINING SAVINGS: Inflation has Americans turning to loans, credit cards to cope. Does it pose big risks?Why is the stock market going down today?Rising wages and an uptick in employment are usually taken as a sign of the economy's strength. But with inflation hovering at the highest level in 50 years, rising wages could induce a wage-price spiral, where suppliers can continue to raise the prices of goods and wages increase in response or vice versa.That bolsters the Fed's case for raising interest rates, but some economists fear their actions could fuel a recession.'I WAS WRONG': Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen concedes she misread threat of inflationTAKING ON DEBT: Inflation's wrath has Americans racking up high debt. What at-risk households need to knowThe annual pace of average hourly earnings slowed by 0.3 percent point last month from April which ""does show evidence of 'peaking' inflation,"" said Matt Peron, director of research at Janus Henderson Investors.Story continuesHowever ""it is still an uncomfortably high number,"" he added, saying that ""as a result, rate hikes are still going to be a headwind for markets to contend with until we see further deceleration.""Is the stock market crashing?Hardly.Two weeks ago the S&P 500 was on the verge of closing in bear market territory, meaning a 20% decline from its all-time high in early January. But it narrowly avoided crossing that threshold and since recovered some of its losses from May. Friday's close left the index down slightly more than 14% from its peak.What's going on with the 10-year Treasury yield?Investors rushed to sell 10-year Treasury notes following Friday's better than expected jobs report. That sent the yield to almost 3%. That's nearly the highest level it has been since December 2018.Generally speaking, investors sell Treasuries when they are worried about the economic outlook.In this case, the bond selloff is being driven by the notion that ""inflation will continue to be an issue due to strong demand from consumers, wage pressures, and rising commodity prices,"" said Peter Essele, head of portfolio management at Commonwealth Financial Network.""That sentiment was clearly felt in bond markets this morning, where investors went ducking for inflation cover by selling Treasuries across the board,"" he said.Elisabeth Buchwald is a personal finance and markets correspondent for USA TODAY. You can follow her on Twitter @BuchElisabeth and sign up for our Daily Money newsletter hereThis article originally appeared on USA TODAY: Stock market results today: May jobs report, 10-year Treasury yield",,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/may-jobs-report-sends-stock-173821541.html
2022-06-03 20:07:48,Nasdaq drops more than 2% to lead US stocks lower as the major indexes return to weekly losses,"Stocks have risen sharply over the last year, helping the Dow Jones finally break the 36,000 barrier.Xinhua News Agency/Getty ImagesUS stocks dropped Friday following a stronger-than-expected jobs report.The Nasdaq lost more than 2% and the Dow Jones Industrial Average shed over 300 points.A top energy analyst said that Russia could lose its relevance in OPEC+ as sanctions continue to weigh on the warring nation.US stocks skidded lower on Friday, with the tech-heavy Nasdaq dropping more than 2% following a stronger-than-expected jobs report.US nonfarm payrolls showed an increase of 390,000 jobs in May, beating the 328,000 economists had estimated. The signal of labor-market strength highlights that the Fed is unlikely to slow down its pace of rate hikes, dimming the stock market's hopes for a so-called ""Fed pause"".Each of the three major indexes capped off a losing week to start June, following last week's gain.Here's where US indexes stood as the market closed 4:00 p.m. on Friday: S&P 500: 4,108.44, down 1.64%Dow Jones Industrial Average: 32,898.91, down 1.05% (349.37 points)Nasdaq Composite: 12,012.73, down 2.47%Fundstrat recommended investors buy mega-cap tech stocks as Nasdaq valuations plunge to depths not seen since the end of the dot-com bubble. ""Nasdaq 100 is cheaper today than at the absolute 70-year low of 2003. Yup, markets crashed worse than dot-com,"" Fundstrat's Tom Lee said.Lumber prices continue to drop as looming Fed rate hikes put pressure on the housing market. Fed Vice Chair Lael Brainard told CNBC said it is ""very hard to see the case"" to pause its interest rate hikes until inflation is tamed.Meanwhile, Goldman Sachs' head of energy research said Friday that President Biden visiting Saudi Arabia won't bring a long-term solution to the energy crisis because the US faces structural shortages. It could help in the near-term, but the remedy isn't sustainable.Russia will likely lose its relevance in OPEC+ as sanctions continue to weigh on oil production, according to a top energy analyst. In his view, Moscow may fade as a major global oil player in the world.Story continuesA top Beijing official said China's yuan could strengthen against the dollar moving forward, as the currency will see less volatility while US Fed policy could simultaneously weaken the dollar.Oil moved higher, with West Texas Intermediate up 2.84% to $120.19 a barrel. Brent crude, the international benchmark, jumped 3.04% to $121.19 a barrel.Gold slipped 0.98% to 1,853.20 per ounce. The 10-year Treasury yield rose 0.42 basis points to 2.955%.Bitcoin moved lower 2.15% to $29.542.40.Read the original article on Business Insider",,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nasdaq-drops-more-2-lead-200748794.html
2022-06-03 20:06:39,Stocks Resume Weekly Losses as Jobs Fuel Rate Bets: Markets Wrap,"(Bloomberg) -- US stocks resumed their trend of weekly losses after strong hiring data cleared the way for the Federal Reserve to remain aggressive in its fight against inflation. Treasuries fell and the dollar strengthened against peers.Most Read from BloombergRussia Hits Kyiv With Missiles; Putin Warns West on ArmsSaudis Raise Oil Prices More Than Expected Amid Asia Rebound‘No Longer Sure Bets’: Tech Giants Are Dropping Bad News DailyUS May Allow More Iran Oil to Flow Even Without Deal, Says VitolOil Sands Crude Prices Nosedive as Russian Bans Upend MarketThe S&P 500 slumped 1.6% afternoon trading, tipping the benchmark index into negative territory for the eighth week in the past nine periods. Tesla Inc. also dragged tech shares lower Friday after reports the company plans to reduce its salaried workforce. Meanwhile, energy shares advanced as crude reached $120 a barrel in New York.Stocks turned sharply lower on Friday after May hiring data topped expectations, suggesting the labor market remains robust enough for the Fed to raise rates quickly as it battles runaway price gains. The US central bank is expected to raise rates by 50 basis points at its next two meetings. Market-derived odds for a third hike of that magnitude in September held steady near 85% after the jobs report. Gold slipped.“The second half of 2022 is going to be a roller coaster ride for investors unless the Fed is able to bring inflation under control without a hard landing,” said Peter Essele, head of portfolio management at Commonwealth Financial Network. “Most investors seem to be wagering on a crash-and-burn scenario at this point as recessionary fears abound, and equity markets fail to develop any sort of positive momentum.”Investors remain beholden to economic data and how it will impact the pace of US monetary tightening, as worries mount that a restrictive Fed could throw the world’s largest economy into a recession. The strong jobs report quelled some concern that growth was slowing too sharply, while at the same time cleared the path for the Fed to stay aggressive.Story continuesUS May nonfarm payrolls rose 390,000 compared to estimates of 318,000, according to a Bloomberg survey of economists. Meanwhile, the unemployment rate remained unchanged at 3.6% in the month, versus expectations of 3.5%.Here’s what else Wall Street is saying about US payrolls:“The labor market is tight and job growth is stable. The Federal Reserve can continue to tighten financial conditions and remove the historic level of accommodation in the markets.” - Jeffrey Roach, chief economist for LPL Financial“Another month of solid job growth in May is further evidence that the U.S. economy was not in a recession in the spring ... Americans continue to return to the labor force as the rising cost of living pressures household finances.” - Bill Adams, chief economist for Comerica Bank“People were hoping for a number that would maybe dissuade the Fed from their stated plan for continual 50 basis point hikes and quantitative tightening, and they didn’t get it today,” Steve Sosnick, chief strategist at Interactive Brokers“What this number tells the Fed is: ‘go ahead and keep hiking rates like crazy, because you’re not creating unemployment, you can put pain into risk markets to hopefully cool demand.’ And that’s not what we want to see and I think it’s being reflected in the stock market today.” -- Jim Bianco, founder of Bianco Research, on Bloomberg TV“We’re going to have this face off trying to figure out about the soft landing and the Fed that’s probably going to continue well into the fall ... There’s just a lot of things that suggest volatility is likely to remain elevated.” - Scott Brown, technical market strategist at LPL Financial“Equity futures are initially reacting negatively to the report. We look for volatility to continue as investors struggle to find an appropriate multiple on record earnings. However, full employment in the U.S. is a solid buffer against the risk of slowing global growth.” - John Lynch, chief investment Officer for Comerica Wealth Management“Best part about the employment report is the uptick in participation ... The bad part is that we still need millions more working to reduce the pervasive shortages driving inflation. It’s frustrating that the Fed is trying to damp down demand and restrict hiring when we need to see a string of strong jobs reports.” - Bryce Doty, senior vice president at Sit Investment Associates“The Fed decision is a done deal at this point, so this report is more about what it tells us about underlying demand and the economy’s ability to handle everything. It’s a good report that shows the general population is coming back into the labor force.” - Shawn Cruz, head trading strategist at TD AmeritradeOil rose, securing its sixth straight week of gains. The yen held near the psychologically important 130 level against the greenback. And Bitcoin fell back below $30,000.How will markets be affected by the Fed’s quantitative tightening? QT officially starts Wednesday and is the theme of this week’s MLIV Pulse survey. Click here to participate anonymously.Some of the main moves in markets:StocksThe S&P 500 fell 1.6% as of 4:02 p.m. New York timeThe Nasdaq 100 fell 2.7%The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 1.1%The MSCI World index fell 1.1%CurrenciesThe Bloomberg Dollar Spot Index rose 0.4%The euro fell 0.2% to $1.0722The British pound fell 0.6% to $1.2498The Japanese yen fell 0.8% to 130.86 per dollarBondsThe yield on 10-year Treasuries advanced three basis points to 2.94%Germany’s 10-year yield advanced four basis points to 1.27%CommoditiesWest Texas Intermediate crude rose 2.9% to $120.28 a barrelGold futures fell 1% to $1,853.60 an ounce(A previous verison corrected the headline to reflect bets on rate hikes not cuts)Most Read from Bloomberg BusinessweekOz Won by Ditching the Oprahverse for Trump and Planet HannitySheryl Sandberg’s ‘Lean In’ Missed What Most Women NeededIn Seattle’s Burning Hot Real Estate Market, It’s A.I. or BustSeven Ways to Beat Burnout and Get Your Career Back on TrackFor Finland, a Border With Russia Is Bad. But It’s Better Than No Border at All©2022 Bloomberg L.P.",^GSPC,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/asian-stocks-advance-ahead-key-002310687.html
2022-06-03 20:03:20,Stock market news live updates: Stocks drop after strong jobs data renews rate worries,"U.S. stocks slid Friday to close the week lower as investors weighed May jobs data that likely gave Fed policymakers a signal labor market conditions can weather a more aggressive rate hiking cycle.Friday's sell-off was led by tech stocks, with the Nasdaq Composite falling 2.5%. The S&P 500 fell 1.6%, while the Dow Jones Industrial Average shed 350 points, or 1%.Treasury yields rose following Friday's jobs data, with the yield on 10-year Treasury jumping as much as 7 basis points to just below 3%, before retreating to finish the week at 2.96%.The Labor Department’s latest monthly employment report published Friday morning showed 390,000 jobs were added to the U.S. economy in May, with the unemployment rate holding steady at 3.6%. Economists had expected job gains to total 318,000 with the unemployment rate falling to 3.5%, per Bloomberg consensus data.Although job growth slowed from April, the labor market remains tight, suggesting the Federal Reserve may proceed with tightening monetary conditions further by raising interest rates — a point of worry for investors who fear central bank policies may tip the economy into a recession.""Overall, it seems like the job creation machine runs on full-steam and anecdotal evidence has it that hiring remains difficult for businesses of all sizes as demand outpaces supply,"" Christian Scherrmann, DWS’ U.S. Economist said in a note.""Looking ahead, the Fed is most likely to feel reassured that it has struck the right balance lately,"" Scherrmann added. ""That, in turn, means it is likely to stick to its aggressive monetary normalization path.""Furthermore, Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland President Loretta Mester indicated in an interview with CNBC Friday that she supports half point hikes at the next two policy-setting meetings in June and July, and more in autumn if prices don't cool. Investors had previously hoped for a pause after the summer months.“I’m going to come into the September meeting, if I don’t see compelling evidence [that inflation is cooling], I could easily be at 50 basis points in that meeting as well,” she said.Story continuesIn Friday's session, shares of Tesla (TSLA) closed down more than 9% to $703.55 per share after Reuters reported CEO Elon Musk warned of a ""super bad feeling"" about the economy and said the company is expected to trim about 10% of salaried jobs in an email to executives.Musk also motioned management to ""pause all hiring worldwide"" in the note. ​​The electric-vehicle giant joins a growing docket of companies that have recently reported grappling with headwinds from macroeconomic uncertainty.Musk’s warning comes just days after JPMorgan Chase (JPM) boss Jamie Dimon cautioned of a ""hurricane"" bearing down on the U.S. economy.—4:00 p.m. ET: S&P 500, Dow, and Nasdaq drop amid jobs data, rate worriesHere's where the main indexes capped the holiday-shortened trading week:S&P 500 (^GSPC): -68.39 (-1.64%) to 4,108.43Dow (^DJI): -349.37 (-1.05%) to 32,898.91Nasdaq (^IXIC): -304.16 (-2.47%) to 12,012.73Crude (CL=F): +$3.43 (+2.93%) to $120.30 a barrelGold (GC=F): -$17.60 (-0.94%) to $1,853.80 per ounce10-year Treasury (^TNX): +4.4 bps to yield 2.9570%—9:35 a.m. ET: Stocks slide as investors mull better-than-expected May employment dataHere were the main moves in markets at the opening bell Friday:S&P 500 (^GSPC): -48.76 (-1.17%) to 4,128.06Dow (^DJI): -289.00 (-0.87%) to 32,959.28Nasdaq (^IXIC): -218.39 (-1.77%) to 12,098.51Crude (CL=F): +$0.34 (+0.29%) to $117.21 a barrelGold (GC=F): -$8.60 (-0.46%) to $1,862.80 per ounce10-year Treasury (^TNX): +7.2 bps to yield 2.9850%—8:51 a.m. ET: A few early highlights from a first pass at the jobs reportThe headline numbers on the May jobs report were right down the middle.But underneath the surface we've got a few indications of where the winds are blowing in a dynamic U.S. labor market.The number of workers employed in retail fell by 60,700 last month, a sign we're likely to see folks interpret as indicative of a softening consumer backdrop. The 47,000-worker increase in transportation and warehousing, however, suggests the Amazon side of the retail economy remains intact for now.Industry-level data also shows leisure & hospitality logged the biggest gains last month, which comes as little surprise given the indications we've seen from travel-related plays about their demand backdrop leading into the summer months.In terms of labor market composition, a 211,000-worker decline in the labor force is notable, as retirements were seen as a headwind last year to the labor market making a full and timely recovery from the pandemic-induced shock.The duration of unemployment data also gives us an interesting look at the ""barbell"" structure of the labor market right now — more than 100,000 fewer workers were classified as either unemployed for less than 5 weeks or unemployed for more than 27 weeks. So we see the short-term and long-term unemployed decline as a portion of the overall unemployed population, and from this we could see an argument being made that this remains an ""anyone who wants a job can get a job"" kind of labor market recovery.—Myles Udland, senior markets editor—8:32 a.m. ET: May jobs report comes in better than expectedJob growth last month was better than expected in the U.S. economy.Here are the latest numbers from the BLS' May jobs report:Non-farm payrolls: +390,000 vs. +318,000 expectedUnemployment rate: 3.6% vs. 3.5% expectedAverage hourly earnings, month-over-month: +0.3% vs. +0.4% expectedAverage hourly earnings, year-over-year: +5.2% vs. +5.2% expected—7:12 a.m. ET: Stock futures stumble ahead of Labor Department's monthly jobs reportHere's where the major indexes were in early-hours trading Friday:S&P 500 futures (ES=F): -22.25 (-0.53%) to 4,153.00Dow futures (YM=F): -114.00 (-0.34%) to 33,109.00Nasdaq futures (NQ=F): -118.75 (-0.92%) to 12,775.00Crude (CL=F): -$0.78 (-0.67%) to $116.09Gold (GC=F): -$2.00 (-0.11%) to $1,869.40 per ounce10-year Treasury (^TNX): -1.8 bps to yield 2.9130%A person enters the Wall Street subway station near the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York on May 27, 2022. (Photo by Angela Weiss / AFP) (Photo by ANGELA WEISS/AFP via Getty Images)—Alexandra Semenova is a reporter for Yahoo Finance. Follow her on Twitter @alexandraandnycRead the latest financial and business news from Yahoo FinanceFollow Yahoo Finance on Twitter, Instagram, YouTube, Facebook, Flipboard, and LinkedIn","NQ=F,^DJI,CL=F,^GSPC,^IXIC,LULU,TSLA",https://finance.yahoo.com/news/stock-market-news-live-updates-june-3-2022-111552199.html
2022-06-03 19:54:32,EMERGING MARKETS-Colombian peso heads to best week since 2020,"* Latam stocks down 1.9% this week, currencies off 0.4% * Brazil's oil output up 0.6% in April, oil regulator says * U.S. jobs data supports rate hike bets * Brazil's industrial output up 0.1% in April (Adds comment, updates prices, adds details) By Susan Mathew and Bansari Mayur Kamdar June 3 (Reuters) - Emerging market stocks gave up gains on Friday against a firmer dollar as strong U.S. jobs data strengthened the case for the Federal Reserve's aggressive monetary policy, while Colombia's peso was on track for its best weekly performance in two years after Sunday's presidential election. MSCI's index of emerging market stocks which had risen up to 0.5% in the session, was last trading 0.2% lower. Latin American stocks fell 0.9%, in line with a drop on Wall Street. Data on Friday showed U.S. employers hired more workers than expected in May and maintained a fairly strong pace of wage increases, signs of labor market strength that will keep the Federal Reserve on an aggressive monetary policy tightening path. The U.S. dollar index rose 0.3% following the report, dragging down emerging market currencies. Market holidays in China and Britain made for subdued volumes. Latin American currencies were subdued but still on track to end the week lower, underperforming their emerging market peers this week. The Colombian peso edged lower, but was still headed for its best weekly performance since June 2020. The peso and Colombian stock exchange rallied after an election on Sunday narrowed the contest to elect the country's next president to two candidates, business-friendly construction magnate Rodolfo Hernandez and leftist Gustavo Petro. Brazil's real gained 0.3% against the dollar. Data showed industrial production in Brazil rose slightly in April from March, while oil output was up 0.6% in April. ""We see a higher probability for a scenario in which commodity prices remain high (e.g., due to the resumption of China’s economy and protracted supply restrictions). We maintain our expectation for (Brazil's) GDP to expand 1.4% year-over-year in 2022,"" said analysts at Credit Suisse. State-run oil company Petrobras was up 1.1%, tracking firm crude prices. Elsewhere, South Africa's rand fell 0.5%, while some Asian currencies were in negative territory. Turkey's lira edged 0.2% higher after data showed inflation jumped to a 24-year high of 73.5% in May - fueled by the war in Ukraine, rising energy prices and a tumbling lira - though the figure was slightly lower than economists had predicted. The currency tumbled 44% in 2021 and another 20% so far this year. ""May inflation showed no respite with continuing broad-based pricing pressures mainly driven by an accommodative monetary policy stance, while risks remain at the forefront with ongoing geopolitical issues and a less supportive global backdrop, that adds to challenges to the currency outlook,"" said Muhammet Mercan, chief economist, Turkey, at ING. ""Given the increasing and rapid FX pass-through observed in recent months, currency moves will be key for inflation."" Key Latin American stock indexes and currencies at 1927 GMT: Stock indexes Latest Daily % change MSCI Emerging 1059.71 -0.16 Markets MSCI LatAm 2441.42 -0.81 Brazil Bovespa 111155.81 -1.1 Mexico IPC 50694.98 -0.54 Chile IPSA 5342.82 -0.19 Argentina MerVal 91529.40 0.085 Colombia COLCAP 1608.08 -0.13 Currencies Latest Daily % change Brazil real 4.7824 0.07 Mexico peso 19.5608 -0.21 Chile peso 813.2 -0.04 Colombia peso 3766.1 -0.04 Peru sol 3.6968 -0.12 Argentina peso 120.6600 -0.16 (interbank) Argentina peso 202 1.98 (parallel) (Reporting by Susan Mathew and Bansari Mayur Kamdar in Bengaluru; Editing by Frances Kerry and Jonathan Oatis)",^MXX,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/emerging-markets-colombian-peso-heads-195432652.html
2022-06-03 19:54:07,"Airline Stock Roundup: DAL, HA's Upbeat Q2 Revenue View, SAVE, RYAAY in Focus","With air-travel demand increasing by the day as reflected in the northbound trend in bookings, Delta Air Lines DAL and Hawaiian Holdings HA provided an improved view for their respective second-quarter 2022 revenues. Meanwhile, European carrier Ryanair Holdings RYAAY turned down Dublin Airport Authority’s (DAA) application for an 88% increase in airport charges at Dublin, terming it “unjustified and unwarranted” in the current scenario.Frontier Group Holdings ULCC, the parent company of Frontier Airlines, decided to sweeten its pot regarding its buyout offer to Spirit Airlines SAVE. The move to introduce a clause pertaining to a reverse termination fee comes ahead of the SAVE shareholders’ vote on the Frontier deal, scheduled to be held on Jun 10.Recap of the Latest Top Stories1.On the back of upbeat air-travel demand and favorable pricing, Delta, currently sporting a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), expects June quarter's adjusted total revenues to be fully restored to the 2019 level. Previously, the airline had expected the same to have recovered 93-97% from the 2019 level. DAL anticipates total unit revenues to increase seven to eight points from its initial expectations. However, the carrier now expects second-quarter 2022 capacity to be 82-83% of the second-quarter 2019 actuals. The earlier expectation was 84%. The operating margin is predicted to be 13-14% compared with the previous guidance of 12-14%. The guided range is less than the 2019 level by three to four points due to lower capacity and higher fuel prices. Fuel price per gallon is now estimated to be $3.60-$3.70 in the second quarter of 2022, higher than the previous guidance of $3.20-$3.35.You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here.2. Hawaiian Holdings now expects total revenues to decline 4.5-7.5% from the second-quarter 2019 level compared with the previous estimation of a decrease of around 8-12%. The improved guidance is due to an uptick in domestic yields. HA now anticipates second-quarter 2022 capacity to decline 11.5-13.5% from the comparable period’s level in 2019. The previous view was a decrease of about 11.5-14.5%. With rising oil prices, HA now estimates fuel price per gallon to be $3.76 compared with the previous view of $3.59.Story continues3. Per Ryanair’s Eddie Wilson, ""At a time when Irish air travel and tourism are struggling to recover from the COVID-19 pandemic, this application by the DAA for an 88% price increase is unjustified and unwarranted”. Per RYAAY’s management, Dublin Airport traffic is recovering only due to the government-funded Traffic Recovery Scheme, which lowers charges at Dublin Airport until March 2023-end. Hence, the 88% price increase from 2023 onward would be an exploitation of this Government Traffic Recovery Scheme.Meanwhile, on the back of improved air-travel demand, RYAAY carried 15.4 million passengers in May 2022, up 756% year over. The actual figure is in line with the expectation mentioned in the previous week’s write-up, which had indicated that May traffic will exceed 15 million. Load factor (% of seats filled with passengers) climbed to 92% in the month from 79% a year ago.4. In a move that provides regulatory protection to the shareholders of SAVE, ULCC agreed to pay a $250-million reverse breakup fee to Spirit. Such a payment will be made only if the regulators turn down ULCC’s proposed takeover of SAVE on the grounds of antitrust concerns. We believe that the introduction of the new clause to their previously announced merger agreement dated Feb 5, 2022, is a prudent move and may find favor with Spirit Airlines’ shareholders as they vote on the deal next week.PerformanceThe following table shows the price movement of the major airline players over the past week and during the last six months.Zacks Investment ResearchImage Source: Zacks Investment ResearchThe table above shows that almost all airline stocks traded in the red over the past week. The NYSE ARCA Airline Index declined 3.7% to $70.44. Over the course of the past six months, the NYSE ARCA Airline Index plummeted 14.6%. What's Next in the Airline Space?Watch this space for more updates on the impending takeover of Spirit Airlines.Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Ryanair Holdings PLC (RYAAY) : Free Stock Analysis Report Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) : Free Stock Analysis Report Spirit Airlines, Inc. (SAVE) : Free Stock Analysis Report Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. (HA) : Free Stock Analysis Report Frontier Group Holdings, Inc. (ULCC) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research","SAVE,DAL,HA,RYAAY",https://finance.yahoo.com/news/airline-stock-roundup-dal-upbeat-195407695.html
2022-06-03 19:51:07,Why You Should Retain Werner (WERN) Stock in Your Portfolio,"Werner Enterprises, Inc. WERN is gradually recovering from the coronavirus-induced slump, thanks to improving freight market conditions in the United States. WERN’s bullish 2022 guidance is also aiding.WERN has a Growth Score of A. This style score condenses all the essential metrics from a company’s financial statements to get a true sense of the quality and sustainability of its growth.For 2022, earnings are expected to grow at 15.4% rate.Factors That Bode WellWe are encouraged by Werner’s bullish guidance for 2022. WERN expects TTS truck growth of 2-5% in 2022 from the prior-year tally. Under the TTS guidance, WERN estimates Dedicated revenue per truck per week to increase 4-6% (previous view: 3-5%) in 2022 owing to expectations of strong rates. One-way Truckload revenues per total mile are predicted to now climb 14-17% (previous outlook: 16-19%) in the second quarter of 2022 from the comparable period’s level in 2021 owing to a continued strong contractual rate increase and moderating spot rates combined with fleet mix changes. Net capital expenditure is expected to go down to the band of $250-$300 million (previous view: $275-$325 million).Werner is gradually recovering from the pandemic lows, thanks to improving freight market conditions in the United States. The Werner Logistics segment and Werner’s Truckload Transportation Services segment’s revenues increased 37% and 21%, respectively, year over year in the March quarter. While the Werner Logistics segment benefited from a rise in truckload logistics revenues, Werner’s Truckload Transportation Services segment gained from higher fuel surcharge revenues.A Key RiskWerner exited the March quarter with cash and cash equivalents of $126 million, way below the long-term debt (net of current portion) of $421.3 million. This implies that the company does not have enough cash to meet its debt levels.Zacks Rank & Key PicksStory continuesWerner currently carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). You can see  the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.Some better-ranked stocks in the broader Zacks Transportation sector are Ryder System, Inc. R, C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc. CHRW and GATX Corporation GATX.Ryder has a trailing-four quarter surprise of 48.2%, on average, with its earnings having surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate in all the last four quarters. R is benefiting from improving economic and freight conditions in the United States. Revenues in all segments grew (on higher rental revenues, new business and favorable pricing) in first-quarter 2022.R currently sports a Zacks Rank #1.The long-term (three-to-five years) expected earnings per share (EPS) growth rate for C.H. Robinson is pegged at 9%. Improving freight market conditions are aiding CHRW. In first-quarter 2022, the top line improved 41.8% owing to favorable truckload pricing for customers and handsome profits in ocean freight.Driven by the positives, the stock has rallied 11.7% in the past year.  CHRW currently carries a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy).GATX has a trailing-four quarter surprise of 40.1%, on average, with its earnings having surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate in all the last four quarters. The gradual improvement in the North American railcar leasing market is a huge positive for GATX.Driven by the upsides, the stock has risen 12% in the past year.  GATX currently has a Zacks Rank of 2.Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Ryder System, Inc. (R) : Free Stock Analysis Report C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc. (CHRW) : Free Stock Analysis Report GATX Corporation (GATX) : Free Stock Analysis Report Werner Enterprises, Inc. (WERN) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research","WERN,GATX,CHRW",https://finance.yahoo.com/news/why-retain-werner-wern-stock-195107635.html
2022-06-03 19:48:07,Here's Why You Should Retain Allegiant (ALGT) Stock Now,"Allegiant Travel Company ALGT currently benefits from upbeat air-travel demand and a strong cash position. However, escalating fuel cost is worrisome.ALGT has a Growth Score of A. This style score condenses all the essential metrics from a company’s financial statement to get a true sense of the quality and sustainability of its growth.For 2022 and 2023, earnings are expected to grow at a rate of 132% and 201%, respectively.Factors That Augur WellWith air-travel demand rising in the United States, the carrier expects total operating revenues for second-quarter 2022 to increase 28-32% from the second-quarter 2019 actuals. Total system available seat miles (ASMs: a measure of capacity) are expected to improve 9-13% from the second-quarter 2019 actuals.ALGT has a strong cash position. Cash and cash equivalents balance of $1.24 billion at the end of the first quarter of 2022 is higher than the current debt figure of $140 million. This implies that Allegiant has enough cash to meet its debt burden. Moreover, ALGT’s current ratio (a measure of liquidity) stood at a healthy 1.59. The current ratio greater than 1.5 is usually considered good for a company.A Key RiskEscalating fuel costs pose a threat to Allegiant’s bottom line. Oil price is moving north, primarily because of Russia's invasion of Ukraine. Average fuel cost per gallon (scheduled) surged 65.1% to $3.07 in first-quarter 2022. The carrier expects fuel price per gallon (adjusted) in second-quarter 2022 to be $4.00. Zacks Rank & Key PicksAllegiant currently carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). You can see  the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.Some better-ranked stocks in the broader Zacks Transportation sector are Ryder System, Inc. R, C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc. CHRW and GATX Corporation GATX.Ryder has a trailing-four quarter surprise of 48.2%, on average, with its earnings having surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate in all the last four quarters. R is benefiting from improving economic and freight conditions in the United States. Revenues in all segments grew (on higher rental revenues, new business and favorable pricing) in first-quarter 2022.Story continuesR currently sports a Zacks Rank #1.The long-term (three-to-five years) expected earnings per share (EPS) growth rate for C.H. Robinson is pegged at 9%. Improving freight market conditions are aiding CHRW. In first-quarter 2022, the top line improved 41.8% owing to favorable truckload pricing for customers and handsome profits in ocean freight.Driven by the positives, the stock has rallied 11.7% in the past year.  CHRW currently carries a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy).GATX has a trailing four-quarter surprise of 40.1%, on average, with its earnings having surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate in all the last four quarters. The gradual improvement in the North American railcar leasing market is a huge positive for GATX.Driven by the upsides, the stock has risen 12% in the past year.  GATX currently has a Zacks Rank of 2.Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Ryder System, Inc. (R) : Free Stock Analysis Report C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc. (CHRW) : Free Stock Analysis Report Allegiant Travel Company (ALGT) : Free Stock Analysis Report GATX Corporation (GATX) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research","ALGT,CHRW,GATX",https://finance.yahoo.com/news/heres-why-retain-allegiant-algt-194807851.html
2022-06-03 19:47:07,3 Highly-Ranked Large-Cap Stocks Worth a Bet,"The market was strong yesterday, providing investors with a much-needed day in the green. Today, that fun has seemingly come to a halt, with red sweeping across the board. It’s been an exhausting 2022, to say the least, with sellers remaining in control and pushing bulls out of the arena at seemingly every turn.With the Fed pivoting to a hawkish position, the stock market has priced in the impact of higher borrowing rates. This, in turn, with soaring energy costs and supply-chain bottlenecks, have all spoiled the fun year-to-date.On a brighter note, the indices are still well above their 2022 lows, which any investor can celebrate. The five-year chart below illustrates that the S&P 500 has bounced off of March 2021 levels so far, another positive note.Zacks Investment ResearchImage Source: Zacks Investment ResearchA staple found within many portfolios is large-cap stocks. Large-cap stocks are typically classified by companies with market valuations of $10 billion or more.Large-cap companies are generally more mature, well-known companies within established industries. These stocks are less volatile, have greater coverage, and typically pay dividends. Additionally, they provide stability and pose less risk – these companies are less likely to face an economic or business circumstance that will cause insolvency.Let’s look at three large-cap stocks – Dollar Tree DLTR, Hess Corporation HES, and Analog Devices ADI – that all sport the highly coveted Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) and why these stocks would be solid bets for investors looking for large-cap exposure.Hess CorporationHess Corp. HES is a globally integrated energy company engaging in the exploration, production, development, transportation, purchase and sale of crude oil, natural gas liquids, and natural gas. Year-to-date, shares have been blistering hot, increasing nearly 73% in value and easily outperforming the S&P 500.Zacks Investment ResearchImage Source: Zacks Investment ResearchThe company has reported strong quarterly results. Over its last four quarters, the average EPS surprise has been a double-digit 13%, and in its latest quarter, HES beat bottom-line estimates by a solid 16%.Story continuesIn addition to solid quarterly results, analysts have been upping their bottom-line outlook rapidly over the last 60 days. For the upcoming quarterly release, the $2.24 EPS estimate reflects a jaw-dropping 830% expansion in the bottom line from the year-ago quarter.Additionally, for FY22, earnings are expected to expand by a triple-digit 310%, and for FY23, the bottom line is expected to grow by an additional 40%.Zacks Investment ResearchImage Source: Zacks Investment ResearchThe company’s forward price-to-sales ratio of 3.5X is well below 2021 highs of 4.5X and represents a steep 31% discount relative to the S&P 500’s value of 4.1X.Zacks Investment ResearchImage Source: Zacks Investment ResearchFor investors who seek a stream of income, HES has that covered with its 1.19% annual dividend yield with a payout ratio sitting at 56% of earnings. Additionally, the company has increased its dividend once over the last five years, with a five-year annualized dividend growth rate of 2.3%.The dividend yield is just marginally below the S&P 500’s 1.43% yield.Zacks Investment ResearchImage Source: Zacks Investment ResearchDollar TreeDollar Tree DLTR is an operator of discount variety stores offering merchandise and other assortments, operating in all types of sized cities. Year-to-date, DLTR shares have been a hot item, increasing nearly 15% in value and easily outpacing the general market.Zacks Investment ResearchImage Source: Zacks Investment ResearchThe company has chained together an impressive streak of ten consecutive bottom-line beats dating back to 2020, and over its last four quarterly reports, Dollar Tree has exceeded earnings estimates by 13%, on average. Furthermore, the company smoked EPS estimates by a sizable 20% in its latest quarterly release.The Consensus Estimate Trend for the upcoming quarter has retraced by a concerning 8%, but the $1.56 EPS estimate still displays a notable 26% growth in earnings from the year-ago quarter. Additionally, earnings are forecasted to grow 40% in FY22 and an additional 14% in FY23.Zacks Investment ResearchImage Source: Zacks Investment ResearchLooking at valuation levels, Dollar Tree’s forward price-to-sales ratio of 1.3X is nicely below highs of 1.4X earlier this year and just above its median of 1.0X over the last five years. Additionally, the value represents a steep 67% discount relative to the S&P 500’s value.Zacks Investment ResearchImage Source: Zacks Investment ResearchAnalog Devices Analog Devices ADI is an original equipment manufacturer of semiconductor devices, specifically analog, mixed-signal, and digital signal processing integrated circuits. Year-to-date, shares have displayed a valuable level of defense relative to the S&P 500, decreasing 5% in value.Zacks Investment ResearchImage Source: Zacks Investment ResearchThe company has been on a blazing-hot earnings streak, exceeding EPS expectations in ten consecutive quarters. Over its last four quarterly reports, the company has an average EPS surprise of a notable 7.7%, and in its latest quarter, ADI beat bottom-line estimates by a substantial 13%.Analysts have been upping their earnings outlook across the board over the last 60 days, undoubtedly a bullish signal. For the upcoming quarter, the $2.42 EPS estimate reflects a sizable 43% growth in earnings from the year-ago quarter.Additionally, earnings are expected to climb 43% in FY22 and an additional 9.3% in FY23.Zacks Investment ResearchImage Source: Zacks Investment ResearchADI’s forward earnings multiple sits at 18.3X, well below the median of 21.1X over the last five years and nowhere near 2020 highs of 29.2X. Furthermore, the value represents a slight 2% discount relative to the S&P 500’s forward P/E ratio of 18.6X.Zacks Investment ResearchImage Source: Zacks Investment ResearchADI enjoys rewarding its shareholders via its 1.8% annual dividend yield with a payout ratio sitting at 39% of earnings. Over the last five years, ADI has increased its dividend five times, with a five-year annualized dividend growth rate of a sizable 11.3%. Additionally, the yield is higher than that of the S&P 500.Zacks Investment ResearchImage Source: Zacks Investment ResearchBottom LineLarge-cap stocks provide a higher level of defense compared to others. Additionally, these companies have proven themselves over their lifetime and operate within established industries.All three companies carry the highly coveted Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), which further instills confidence as to why they would be solid additions for any large-cap investor.Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Analog Devices, Inc. (ADI) : Free Stock Analysis Report Dollar Tree, Inc. (DLTR) : Free Stock Analysis Report Hess Corporation (HES) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research","ADI,HES,DLTR,^GSPC",https://finance.yahoo.com/news/3-highly-ranked-large-cap-194707952.html
2022-06-03 19:45:00,"AB InBev, Equifax Among Morningstar Best, Cheapest Stocks","If so, you may want to consider Morningstar's roster of the 10 most undervalued stocks on its ""Best Companies to Own"" list. The companies on that ""Best"" list are assigned wide moats by Morningstar, which means it thinks the companies will produce returns that outweigh their costs for the next 20 years or more. The ""Best Companies"" also have predictable cash flows and strong records on environmental, social and governance issues.","BUD,MORN",https://finance.yahoo.com/m/a20e80d8-9abb-35e7-85db-66a329f00a7d/ab-inbev-equifax-among.html
2022-06-03 19:42:07,"Regeneron (REGN) to Buy Sanofi's Stake in Libtayo, Stock Down","Regeneron Pharmaceuticals REGN announced that it will purchase partner Sanofi’s SNY stake in their collaboration agreement for the oncology drug Libtayo (cemiplimab).Both companies entered into an immuno-oncology license and collaboration agreement in 2015 whereby they divide Libtayo's worldwide operating profits equally and co-commercialize Libtayo in the United States, with Sanofi solely responsible for commercialization outside the country.Libtayo is a monoclonal antibody targeting the immune checkpoint receptor PD-1 on T cells. It is currently approved in the United States as cemiplimab-rwlc monotherapy treatment for certain patients with advanced basal cell carcinoma (BCC), advanced cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma (CSCC) and advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC).We note that regulatory reviews are also underway for Libtayo in combination with chemotherapy as a first-line treatment in advanced NSCLC in multiple markets, including the U.S. and the European Union.Per the terms of the deal, Sanofi will transfer the rights to develop, commercialize and manufacture Libtayo entirely to Regeneron on a worldwide basis over the course of a defined transition period. In return, Regeneron will make an upfront payment of $900 million to Sanofi. The latter will also be entitled to receive an 11% royalty on the worldwide net sales of Libtayo. Additionally, Sanofi will be entitled to a regulatory milestone payment of $100 million upon the first approval by either the FDA or the European Commission of Libtayo in combination with chemotherapy for the first-line treatment of certain patients with NSCLC as well as sales-related milestone payments of up to $100 million in total over the next two years.However, shares of Regeneron were down 4% following the announcement as investors probably think that the deal is overpriced and buying out Libtayo from Sanofi might not reap rewards in the future for the former, given the stiff competition in the innmuno-oncology space from the likes of Merck’s MRK Keytruda and Bristol Myers’ BMY Opdivo.Story continuesShares of Regeneron have lost 0.1% in the year so far compared with the industry’s decline of 24.4%.Zacks Investment ResearchImage Source: Zacks Investment ResearchRegeneron’s first-quarter results were strong with broad-based growth. Solid demand for Eylea and Dupixent maintained momentum for REGN. However, sales from REGEN-COV took a hit due to the regulatory update.In January 2022, the FDA revised the authorizations for a few monoclonal antibody treatments, including Regeneron’s REGEN-COV (casirivimab and imdevimab), as data indicated that these treatments are highly unlikely to be active against the Omicron variant.  Therefore, REGEN-COV is not currently authorized for use in any U.S. states, territories or jurisdictions.Regeneron is looking to diversify in the lucrative oncology space and the buyout of Libtayo was a step forward in the same direction.Meanwhile, approved for various oncology indications, Keytruda is MRK’s key driver. Continued label expansions of the drug drove Merck’s top line.Opdivo is one of the top revenue generators for BMY and the continued label expansion of the drug for additional indications should further boost growth. In particular, demand for the drug to treat first-line lung, renal and gastric cancer as well as adjuvant esophageal and bladder cancers already fueled growth.Regeneron currently carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (REGN) : Free Stock Analysis Report Sanofi (SNY) : Free Stock Analysis Report Bristol Myers Squibb Company (BMY) : Free Stock Analysis Report Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research","REGN,SNY",https://finance.yahoo.com/news/regeneron-regn-buy-sanofis-stake-194207076.html
2022-06-03 19:39:00,Best Buy Founder Richard Schulze Bought a Big Block of Stock,"Richard Schulze, Best Buy’s founder, bought $20 million in shares of the electronics retailer. He remains its second-largest investor.",BBY,https://finance.yahoo.com/m/d0cf3fdb-f569-3ea5-b28a-24f122b85a50/best-buy-founder-richard.html
2022-06-03 19:26:55,Novavax’s stock plummets as FDA raises concern about Covid vaccine safety,"Novavax Inc.’s (NASDAQ: NVAX) stock tanked more than 20% Friday afternoon after the Food and Drug Administration shared concerns about a potential connection between heart inflammation and the company’s experimental Covid-19 vaccine, which the agency expects to take into consideration next week for potential emergency use authorization. As part of a briefing released Friday, the FDA said its vaccines advisory committee will meet Tuesday to discuss the Gaithersburg company's submission and “provide recommendations on whether, based on the totality of scientific evidence available, the benefits of the Novavax Covid-19 Vaccine 2-dose primary series outweigh its risks for use in individuals 18 years of age and older.” The risks, according to the documents, namely include the potential for inflammation in and around the heart, known as myocarditis and pericarditis.",NVAX,https://finance.yahoo.com/m/fb2d7124-4eaf-32ac-b12a-0a79a9b0a9d0/novavax%E2%80%99s-stock-plummets-as.html
2022-06-03 19:20:23,‘Market volatility is an opportunity’ for young adults to save for retirement,"The stock market’s volatility may alarm young adults who haven’t experienced this instability before. But the market’s ups and downs can offer young people an opening to build their retirement nest eggs at a discount.“For young grads coming in, I actually think this sort of market volatility is an opportunity,” Jean Chatzky, personal finance expert and author of “How to Money,” recently told Yahoo Finance Live (video above).“You're getting into your 401(k) at a time when prices have come way down. That allows you to buy some really good stocks on sale,” Chatzky said. “And, yes, prices may continue to go down. But if you're dollar-cost averaging into a new retirement plan, a 401(k), or an IRA, and you're buying every single time you get paid, you're going to get some bargains.”( Photo Credit: Getty Creative)Chatzky also said young people should track expenses through budgeting apps or even old-school pen and paper to save money. Budgets can help them see where their cash flow is going, especially if their wages aren’t keeping up with inflation that’s at 40-year highs.“You need to know where your money is going. And that means knowing three things,” Chatzky said. “What is coming in, what is going out, and then very specifically what you're using your money for?”She advises young adults who are starting to make a budget to be aware of all their expenses, no matter how small, for a month.“That's not just your credit card spending. It's not even just your credit and debit card spending. It's your Venmo, and your Apple, your iTunes, and all of the different things that go into making up your monthly budget,” Chatzky said. “So if you've never paid attention, just start tracking. Do it for a solid month. And you'll have a much better idea.”( Photo Credit: Getty Creative)She also explained a formula that young adults can use to calculate their own inflation rate while they’re working on their budgets. Though the math seems complicated, Chatzky broke it down.“It's just the difference in your spending in percentage terms month over month from a year ago,” Chatzky said. “You look at what you spent in April of this year. You look at what you spent in April of last year. You take the total for this year, and you subtract the total for last year. And then you divide it by the total for this year.”Story continuesElla Vincent is the personal finance reporter for Yahoo Money. Follow her on Twitter @bookgirlchicago.Read the latest personal finance news, trends, and tips from Yahoo Money.Follow Yahoo Finance on Twitter, Instagram, YouTube, Facebook, Flipboard, and LinkedIn",,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/market-volatility-young-adults-retirement-192023530.html
2022-06-03 19:20:14,"How To Invest: Nvidia, GOOGL Reveal 3-Step Routine For Bull And Bear Markets",Successful stock investing starts with having rules and a routine. Learn how to invest in stocks following a simple 3-step routine.,"NVDA,GOOGL",https://finance.yahoo.com/m/26c770ad-a814-3731-b9d1-5c660c3fc239/how-to-invest-nvidia-googl.html
2022-06-03 19:11:15,U.S. stock market rebound faces key inflation test,"By Lewis KrauskopfNEW YORK (Reuters) -A rally that lifted U.S. stocks from the brink of a bear market faces an important test next week, when consumer price data offers insight on how much more the Federal Reserve will need to do in its battle against the worst inflation in decades.Despite a rocky week, the S&P 500 is still up over 5% from last month's lows, which saw the benchmark index extend its decline to nearly 20% from its all-time high. The index was recently down about 14% from its Jan. 3 record after losing 1% in the past week.More upside could depend on whether investors believe policymakers are making progress against surging prices. Signs that inflation remains strong may bolster the case for even more aggressive monetary tightening, potentially spooking a market already battered by worries that a hawkish Fed could deal a serious blow to U.S. growth.“This market is likely to remain range-bound until we get a meaningful move lower in inflation,” said Mona Mahajan, senior investment strategist at Edward Jones, which currently favors large-cap stocks over small-cap, given the ability for larger companies to absorb higher input and wage costs. “Clearly, the print next week is going to be key.”The consumer price index (CPI) for the 12 months through April rose 8.3%, down from an 8.5% annual rate reported in the prior month, which was the largest year-on-year gain in 40 years. Friday's inflation report for May is one of the last key pieces of data before the Fed's June 14-15 meeting, at which the central bank is widely expected to raise rates by another 50 basis points.If inflation is ""continuing to be a problem, the Fed may not have the option of coasting later this year,"" said Paul Nolte, portfolio manager at Kingsview Investment Management, adding, ""The higher the interest rates, the more the struggle for the market.""Nolte has lightened positions in equities broadly in the portfolios he manages, especially in growth stocks, and raised cash levels, pointing to factors such as still-lofty stock valuations.Story continuesINVESTORS WEIGH DATAThe CPI report comes as investors gauge how the 75 basis points of monetary tightening already delivered by the Fed this year is affecting growth. Employment data released Friday showed that U.S. employers hired more workers than expected in May and maintained a strong pace of wage increases, signs of strength that could keep the Fed on an aggressive monetary policy tightening path.Meanwhile, gloomy views from several top business leaders, including JPMorgan Chase's Jamie Dimon and Tesla's Elon Musk, have weighed on hopes that the central bank can cool inflation without hurting the economy. Musk said in an email to executives that he has a “super bad feeling” about the economy and needs to cut about 10% of jobs at the electric carmaker, Reuters reported Friday. [L1N2XQ0PI]Investors' view of inflation is critical to how they value equities, as higher prices have typically spurred the Fed to raise interest rates, with higher bond yields in turn reducing the value of future corporate profits. Rising prices also raise costs for businesses and consumers.The S&P 500 trades at around 18.7 times its trailing 12 month earnings, a rich valuation compared to other inflationary periods that suggests investors believe the current level of price increases may not last, according to Jeff Buchbinder, equity strategist at LPL Financial.LPL believes inflation will eventually fall this year and that companies have solid earnings momentum. The firm's year-end target on the S&P 500 is between 4,800-4,900, which at the low end stood about 16% above the index’s level as of Friday afternoon.Others have been less optimistic. Morgan Stanley strategists earlier this week called the latest rebound just a ""bear market rally,"" and, citing negative trends for earnings and economic indicators, projected the S&P 500 would drop to around 3,400 by mid-August.“There is consensus agreement that we have likely seen the high prints or the peak inflation numbers in the rear-view mirror,"" said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at National Securities. ""If that proves to not be true ... that is going to tip over the apple cart for markets.""(Reporting by Lewis Krauskopf; Editing by Ira Iosebashvili and Aurora Ellis)",^GSPC,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/u-stock-market-rebound-faces-191115482.html
2022-06-03 18:57:42,US STOCKS-Wall St slides as solid jobs data supports rate hike bets,"(For a Reuters live blog on U.S., UK and European stock markets, click LIVE/ or type LIVE/ in a news window)* Apple weighs the most on all three major indexes* U.S. job growth beats expectations in May* Indexes down: Dow 0.79%, S&P 1.40%, Nasdaq 2.29% (Updates prices to late afternoon, adds analysts' comments)By Sinéad Carew, Devik Jain and Anisha SircarJune 3 (Reuters) - U.S. stock indexes fell on Friday after a solid jobs report appeared to give the Federal Reserve a green light to continue on an aggressive policy-tightening path to cool decades-high inflation while shares of Apple and Tesla weighed heavily.Ten of the 11 major S&P sectors declined, with consumer discretionary down 2.8% and technology falling 2.4%. The energy sector was an outlier with a gain of 1%.The Labor Department's closely watched report showed nonfarm payrolls rose by 390,000 jobs last month and wages grew, while the unemployment rate held steady at 3.6% - all signs of a tight labor market.Economists polled by Reuters had forecast nonfarm payrolls to rise by 325,000 jobs.So while the jobs report looked good to economists, investors were focused primarily on its influence on policy.""The market is trying to funnel its response through what the Fed may or may not do,"" said Nela Richardson, chief economist at ADP, who expects the market to continue to seesaw as a result of uncertainty.Shawn Snyder, head of investment strategy at Citi Personal Wealth Management, called the report a double-edged sword.""It's telling us the economy is in fairly good shape which is good news but when viewed in the context of what it means for the Federal Reserve and tightening monetary policy it likely makes them more confident they can continue to tighten,"" he said. ""That comes through as a bit of a negative for investors because they're hoping for the Fed to pause later this year.""Money markets are fully pricing in 50 basis-point rate hikes by the Fed in June and July.Story continuesWhile the May report's slower-than-expected increase in hourly earnings looked like good news for inflation, Snyder cited rising oil prices as an offsetting factor.By 2:35 p.m. EDT, the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 263.57 points, or 0.79%, to 32,984.71, the S&P 500 lost 58.42 points, or 1.40%, to 4,118.4 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 282.66 points, or 2.29%, to 12,034.24.Volatility has gripped Wall Street in recent weeks as investors debated whether markets had hit a bottom against the backdrop of some hawkish comments from Fed officials and data suggesting that inflation may have peaked.""For right now, the economy looks OK. And the labor market as a signal of the real economy on Main Street looks incredibly solid,"" said ADP's Richardson, who sees inflation as ""a threat to that outlook"" even if it may have peaked.""The peak is less relevant than the staying power of inflation and elevated rates. That's why wages in this report were so material. While wage growth may not drive up inflation past the peak, it could play a strong role in keeping inflation around these higher levels much longer than anybody wants or anticipates.""Apple Inc was down just under 4% after a bearish brokerage comment and a report that EU countries and lawmakers would agree on a common charging port for mobile phones, tablets and headphones on June 7, a proposal that has been criticized by the iPhone maker.Tesla Inc was down almost 9% after CEO Elon Musk, in an email to executives seen by Reuters, said he has a ""super bad feeling"" about the economy and needs to cut about 10% of jobs at the electric car maker.Meanwhile, after markets close, FTSE Russell will announce an early list of index members as a part of its annual reconstitution aimed at reflecting shifts in the broader market.Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 2.97-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.87-to-1 ratio favored decliners.The S&P 500 posted 1 new 52-week high and 29 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 26 new highs and 80 new lows. (Reporting by Sinead Carew in New York Additional reporting by Sruthi Shankar, Medha Singh, Devik Jain and Anisha Sircar in Bengaluru Editing by Maju Samuel and Matthew Lewis)","^DJI,^GSPC,COMP,AAPL,TSLA",https://finance.yahoo.com/news/us-stocks-wall-st-slides-185742069.html
2022-06-03 18:57:00,Stock Market Holidays 2022: See When The Stock Market Is Closed This Year,"Take a look at this list of stock market holidays in 2022 to find out whether the market will be open on days like Columbus Day, Black Friday, Christmas Eve and more.",,https://finance.yahoo.com/m/ffc04835-c206-33ff-9f64-dcc089cbdc46/stock-market-holidays-2022-.html
2022-06-03 18:37:00,AMD Stock Broke Out -- but Buyers Could Have a Second Chance,"It helped lead a rally in chip stocks, as Nvidia also did well, gaining 6.9%. AMD stock not only rotated over the prior month's high, it also held a key support level. What does that have to do with this week's breakout?",AMD,https://finance.yahoo.com/m/a20f0b98-d00b-3097-add8-a276727bc026/amd-stock-broke-out-but.html
2022-06-03 18:32:00,Jabil Stock Near Buy Zone With Quarterly Earnings Due,"With earnings on tap for Jun. 17, IBD 50 member Jabil stock is currently about 15% under a 72.21 buy point. The stock has an 88 Relative Strength Rating. Keep in mind that buying just before a stock reports can be risky.",JBL,https://finance.yahoo.com/m/9801b6dd-48af-3cb0-ac50-e195c726abbf/jabil-stock-near-buy-zone.html
2022-06-03 18:25:00,"Nvidia, ON Semi, AMD Among Bank of America's Top Chip Stocks","Chip stocks have 23% free-cash-flow margins, making them more than twice as profitable as S&P 500 stocks, Bank of America analysts say.",NVDA,https://finance.yahoo.com/m/d74ad28b-5dc3-30dd-9013-5d4c8c196a87/nvidia-on-semi-amd-among.html
2022-06-03 18:22:00,Alpha &amp; Omega Semiconductor Stock Sees Rising Relative Price Strength,"On Friday, Alpha & Omega Semiconductor stock hit an important technical milestone, with its Relative Strength (RS) Rating rising into the 90-plus percentile with an improvement to 91, an increase from 88 the day before. When looking for the best stocks to buy and watch, one factor to watch closely is relative price strength. This unique rating identifies market leadership by showing how a stock's price movement over the last 52 weeks measures up against that of the other stocks in our database.",AOSL,https://finance.yahoo.com/m/6bd06a19-a219-3302-aee9-cd5e8816dbe9/alpha-omega-semiconductor.html
2022-06-03 18:14:00,American Express Makes Wells Fargo Financial Stock List,"Financial stocks haven't fared well this year, with the KBW Bank stock Index dropping 15.5% year to date.",AXP,https://finance.yahoo.com/m/1bfea2d2-1ea6-3d8e-94db-bd0dfc21cd4a/american-express-makes-wells.html
2022-06-03 18:08:00,Axcelis Technologies Stock Earns Membership In 95-Plus Composite Rating Club,"On Friday, Axcelis Technologies got an upgrade for its IBD SmartSelect Composite Rating from 94 to 96.",ACLS,https://finance.yahoo.com/m/3f646e07-3448-30b0-8270-ecc1c3bc80c3/axcelis-technologies-stock.html
2022-06-03 18:05:00,"BofA’s US stock chief sees a floor of 3,200 for the S&amp;P 500 (potential downside of 22%) — but here are 4 sectors she likes for inflation protection and cash return","BofA’s US stock chief sees a floor of 3,200 for the S&P 500 (potential downside of 22%) — but here are 4 sectors she likes for inflation protection and cash returnWe’re almost halfway through the year, and sentiment has yet to turn bullish.The S&P 500 is down 13% in 2022, while the tech-centric Nasdaq is off 22%.If you want to know how low the market could really go, pay attention to what Savita Subramanian — head of U.S. equity and quantitative strategy at Bank of America Securities — has to say.“We calculate that a floor on the market is 3,200, even in a recession case,” she told Bloomberg earlier this week.The S&P 500 currently sits at roughly 4,100, so that market floor call represents potential downside of around 23%.But that doesn’t mean you should bail on stocks.“I do think that equities offer inflation protection and cash return,” she added.Not all sectors are the same, though. Subramanian suggests investors look into energy, financials, healthcare, and consumer staples.“These are areas of the market that are less susceptible to the vagaries and the negative impacts of inflation but can actually benefit from a pickup in inflation and are relatively healthy and paying healthy dividends relative to fixed income and other parts of the capital spectrum.”Let’s take a closer look at those sectors – and see how investors can get easy access to them.EnergyFueled by rising commodity prices, energy was the S&P 500’s best-performing sector in 2021, returning a total of 53% vs the index’s 27% return. And that momentum has carried into 2022.Year to date, the Energy Select Sector SPDR Fund (XLE) is up a whopping 55%, in stark contrast to the broad market’s double-digit decline.XLE aims to track the performance of the S&P 500’s energy sector. If the positive momentum in energy prices continues, the ETF is a good bet to keep delivering market-topping returns.XLE also provides a good starting point for further research if you are looking for individual picks. Its top holdings include oil giants like Exxon Mobil (XOM), Chevron (CVX), and ConocoPhillips (COP).FinancialsTo tame spiking inflation, the Fed raised its benchmark interest rates by 50 basis points on May 4, marking the first half-point increase since 2000. Similar moves are expected to occur at the Fed’s upcoming meetings in June and July.Story continuesMany businesses fear rising interest rates. But for certain financials, like banks, higher rates are a good thing.Banks lend money out at higher rates than they borrow at, pocketing the difference. As interest rates increase, this earnings spread widens.Banking giants are also well-capitalized right now and have been busy returning money to shareholders.Last year, Bank of America boosted its quarterly payout by 17% to 21 cents per share. Morgan Stanley doubled its quarterly dividend to $0.70 per share. And JPMorgan increased its quarterly rate by 11% to $1 per share.Investors can also get exposure to financial stocks through ETFs like the Financial Select Sector SPDR Fund (XLF) and the Vanguard Financials ETF (VFH).HealthcareHealthcare serves as a classic example of a defensive sector thanks to its lack of correlation with the ups and downs of the economy.At the same time, the sector offers plenty of long-term growth potential due to favorable demographic tailwinds — particularly an aging population — and plenty of innovation.Average investors might find it difficult to pick out specific healthcare stocks. But healthcare ETFs can provide both a diversified and profitable way to gain exposure to the space.Vanguard Health Care ETF (VHT) gives investors broad exposure to the healthcare sector.To tap into specific segments within healthcare, investors can look into names like iShares Biotechnology ETF (IBB) and iShares U.S. Medical Devices ETF (IHI).Consumer StaplesConsumer staples are essential products such as food and drinks, household goods, and hygiene products.We need these things regardless of how the economy is doing.When inflation drives up input costs, consumer staple companies — particularly those with scale and distribution advantages — are able to pass those higher costs onto consumers.Even if a recession hits the U.S. economy, we’ll probably still see Quaker Oats and Tropicana orange juice — made by PepsiCo (PEP) — on families’ breakfast tables. Meanwhile, Tide and Bounty — well-known brands from Procter & Gamble (PG) — will likely remain on shopping lists across the nation.You can gain access to the group through ETFs like the Consumer Staples Select Sector SPDR Fund (XLP) and the Vanguard Consumer Staples ETF (VDC).More from MoneyWise‘It is like watching a plane crash’ — Michael Burry thinks the market has plenty of room to plunge. But he finally sees value in these 4 stocks‘Cash is still trash’ — Billionaire Ray Dalio says keeping money in a savings account is not safe. Here’s what he holds insteadSuze Orman says you can avoid 5 common mistakes people make in a stock market crisisThis article provides information only and should not be construed as advice. It is provided without warranty of any kind.",,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bofa-us-stock-chief-sees-180500771.html
2022-06-03 18:04:42,US economy posts solid jobs growth despite tight labour market,"The US economy registered another month of solid jobs growth in May, despite employers grappling with a historically tight labour market and policymakers’ efforts to cool demand. Employers in the world’s largest economy added 390,000 jobs during the month, less than the upwardly revised 436,000 positions created during the previous period but more than economists had expected. The jobless rate steadied at 3.6 per cent, just 0.1 percentage point above the level it stood at in February 2020 before the coronavirus pandemic spread globally.",,https://finance.yahoo.com/m/795e9cb3-af71-3900-ba80-6b617229b56b/us-economy-posts-solid-jobs.html
2022-06-03 17:54:05,Finding Winning Stocks Amidst Market Volatility,"“There’s always a bull market somewhere.”Regardless of how volatile markets are at any given time, there are always stocks that are outperforming the broader market. The systems and strategies we use here at Zacks consistently find those winning stocks irrespective of the market’s general direction.Stocks continued their uptrend in 2021, but the major indices have swiftly reversed course this year as a host of concerns ranging from rampant inflation to a foreign war have sent asset prices lower. While many individual stocks trended well last year, this year has been much more difficult to navigate as most stocks are now in sustained downtrends.Attempting to profit by investing in a stock that is trending downward is very difficult as it requires investors to correctly predict when the price will ‘bottom out’ and resume a price uptrend. On the same note, buying a stock because it is ‘cheap’ is similar in terms of trying to predict its future price movement.It can be nearly impossible to forecast when a stock will bottom out with any reasonable degree of accuracy on a regular basis. This speaks to the old market adage of catching a falling knife – it’s better to wait for it to drop than stick your hand out and attempt to catch a falling dagger. A much more prudent approach involves remaining patient until the stock shows signs of strength and resumes an uptrend.One of the ways we can determine which stocks are outperforming is to identify leading sectors and industry groups. The Zacks Rubber – Plastics industry is currently ranked in the top 13% out of approximately 250 industries. Because it is ranked in the top half of all Zacks Ranked Industries, we expect this group to outperform the market over the next 3 to 6 months.This industry group is part of the Zacks Industrial Products sector, which ranks in the top 38% out of 16 sectors. Also note the favorable characteristics for this sector below:Zacks Investment ResearchImage Source: Zacks Investment ResearchStory continuesLet’s take a look at a leading stock within this powerful industry and sector combination.Myers Industries, Inc. (MYE)Myers Industries is a global manufacturer of polymer products for the agricultural, automotive, and industrial commercial and consumer markets. MYE is also the largest wholesale distributor of tools and supplies for the tire service industry. The company offers tire repair materials and custom rubber products, along with providing equipment for undervehicle service for heavy trucks and off-road vehicles. Myers Industries was founded in 1933 and is headquartered in Akron, OH.A Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), MYE has surpassed earnings estimates in 2 of the past 4 quarters. The company most recently reported Q1 EPS back in March of $4.26 per share, a 67.72% surprise over the $2.54 consensus estimate. MYE has delivered a trailing four-quarter average earnings surprise of 20.11%. The stock is up nearly 27% this year alone.Myers Industries, Inc. Price, Consensus and EPS SurpriseMyers Industries, Inc. Price, Consensus and EPS SurpriseAnalysts have raised their full-year EPS projections by 26.56% in the past 30 days. The Zacks Consensus Estimate now stands at $1.62, reflecting a 67% growth rate relative to last year.Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Myers Industries, Inc. (MYE) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research",MYE,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/finding-winning-stocks-amidst-market-175405707.html
2022-06-03 17:42:46,Dow Jones Falls As Apple Crumbles; Tesla Stock Plunges As Elon Musk Does This; 2 Leaders Make Bullish Moves,The Dow Jones fell on strong jobs data. Tesla stock plunged on an Elon Musk move. Apple stock crumbled. Amazon fell after an executive quit.,"AMZN,^DJI,NFE,AAPL,TSLA",https://finance.yahoo.com/m/92816e92-5fb3-368b-9196-e73bc082d1f4/dow-jones-falls-as-apple.html
2022-06-08 16:30:15,Is AbbVie Stock A Buy As Humira Biosimilar Rivals Loom?,"Is AbbVie stock a buy today with its biggest medicine, Humira, soon to face biosimilar rivals in the U.S.?","PFE,ABBV",https://finance.yahoo.com/m/cc8420fe-01f8-3e0b-85b4-85ff830fff37/is-abbvie-stock-a-buy-as.html
2022-06-06 16:30:00,Is Ford Stock A Buy Or Sell After $3.7 Billion Investment To Expand Vehicle Production?,"Ford is trying to rebound, recently sold part of its Rivian stake and increased investments in EV production. Should you buy Ford stock now?",F,https://finance.yahoo.com/m/219e078b-b844-3bfd-9f10-3ee7259049d9/is-ford-stock-a-buy-or-sell.html
2022-06-03 17:22:34,Lumber prices see no relief and continue to drop as Fed rate hikes put pressure on the housing market,"Hill Street Studios/Getty ImagesLumber prices continue to fall as future Fed rate hikes are poised to put more pressure on the housing market.Fed Vice Chair Lael Brainard said it's ""very hard to see the case"" to pause its interest rate hikes.Lumber prices have dropped 48% year-to-date as mortgage rates jumped above the 5% threshold.Lumber prices have seen no relief in 2022 as interest rate hikes by the Federal Reserve have put pressure on the housing market.Lumber futures contracts measured in 1,000 board feet are down 48% year-to-date and sunk to a new 2022 low on Friday after briefly falling below the $600 level.The weakness in lumber began to accelerate once rates for the traditional 30-year fixed mortgage rose above 5% earlier this year. That has put pressure on both new and existing home sales in recent months, and various home builder surveys indicated a steep drop in demand once rates surged.And the Fed has shown no signs of ending its interest rate hiking cycle anytime soon as it focuses on taming inflation. Fed Vice Chair Lael Brainard told CNBC on Thursday that it's ""very hard to see the case"" to pause interest rate hikes as the effective Fed Funds rate is still way below the neutral rate.""We've still got a lot of work to do to get inflation down to our 2% target,"" Brainard said. That work includes multiple 50 basis point interest rate hikes, which are fully expected by investors at the Fed's June and July meetings.For September's Fed meeting, the market fully expects at least a 25 basis point interest rate hikes, according to CME's FedWatch tool.Brainard isn't the only Fed official who would like to see swift interest rate hikes to tame inflation. Fed President's Loretta Mester and Mary Daly both reiterated their views in speeches this week that interest rate hikes should continue to rise until inflation shows decisive signs of cooling off.Ultimately, that's bad news for lumber prices. Rising interest rates tend to quickly flow through to mortgage rates, which should put continued pressure on home building at a time when the spring and summer months are typically the strongest seasonal months of demand for the commodity.JPMorgan is already seeing that weakness materialize, based on its recent channel checks of home improvement retailers like The Home Depot and Lowe's. ""Pro traffic was the most balanced of the day with relative strength in hardware/fasteners and power tools, but, similar to other locations, lumber remained weak,"" JPMorgan said.Read the original article on Business Insider",,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/lumber-prices-see-no-relief-172234156.html
2022-06-03 17:20:34,S&amp;P 500 Weekly Price Forecast – The S&amp;P 500 Continues to Show Caution,"S&P 500 Weekly Technical AnalysisThe S&P 500 continues to see a lot of noise in this general vicinity, and after the impressive candlestick from the previous week, the hesitation does suggest that perhaps more sellers are coming back into the mix. If we were to break down below the candlestick, then it’s possible that the S&P 500 goes looking to reach the 4000 level in the futures market. If we break down below there, then it’s likely that this is a market that will go even lower, perhaps down to the 3900 level.At this point, it’s likely that we will continue to see a lot of noisy behavior, but ultimately this is a situation where we see a lot of questions asked about inflation and of course company earnings. It’s worth noting that the market has been beaten down rather significantly, so it does make a certain amount of sense that we had a bit of a relief rally. That being said, the relief rally looks as if it was only one week.That being said, if we were to turn around and break to the upside, it’s possible that we could break above the 4300 level. Breaking above the 4300 level is where I would call it a bit of a trend change, but right now I don’t see that as being likely. In general, this is a market that I’m still looking for selling opportunities in, but I also recognize that hope burns eternal on Wall Street, so it’s likely that there will be some type of narrative that they get involved in. Ultimately, this is a situation where we will see extreme volatility.S&P 500 Forecast Video 06.06.22For a look at all of today’s economic events, check out our economic calendar. This article was originally posted on FX EmpireMore From FXEMPIRE:Spirit shareholders should approve Frontier deal, Glass Lewis saysAmazon executive behind its massive delivery operation to leave after 23 yearsWall St ends down with strong jobs data keeping the pressure on for rate hikesSilver Price Prediction – Prices Fail on Breakout AttemptTexas school shooting victims take action against gunmakerGlobal stock markets fall, U.S. yields rise after strong employment data",^GSPC,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/p-500-weekly-price-forecast-172034302.html
2022-06-08 17:48:37,Is Merck Stock A Buy As It Eyes At Least $5 Billion From Its Covid Pill?,Is Merck stock a buy after the company guided to $5 billion to $5.5 billion in sales of its Covid pill this year? Is MRK stock a buy now?,,https://finance.yahoo.com/m/02e89c38-5240-3607-977f-00ecce9b28f0/is-merck-stock-a-buy-as-it.html
2022-06-03 17:14:04,Silver Weekly Price Forecast – Silver Markets Continue to Be Choppy,"Silver Weekly Technical AnalysisSilver markets have gone back and forth during the trading week, as we continue to pay close attention to the $22 level. The market is also hanging about the 200 Week EMA, showing signs of life again. Ultimately, this is a market that is trying to decide whether or not we are going to hang on, or if we are going to break down and go much lower. Keep in mind that silver is an industrial metal, so we need to look at the overall demand that could come out of the economy.On the other hand, if we break above the weekly candlestick, it’s possible that we could go higher, perhaps reaching the $23 level. Breaking above the $23 level is a very bullish sign, and at that point, I would anticipate that silver could rally significantly. However, it’s very likely that we will be choppy instead, and I would anticipate that silver will underperform gold in general, so therefore it’s likely that we will see a significant amount of noisy and difficult trading. That being said, we need to be cautious with our position size, so, therefore, make sure that you are keeping track of it.All things being equal, this is a market that looks like it’s ready for some type of move as we have been squeezing for the last couple of weeks, and one would think that perhaps the next move would be lower based on the previous surge to the downside, but it’s interesting that we are at a correlation of both moving averages and a large, round, psychologically significant figure. Furthermore, this is an area that has a lot of history.Silver Price Forecast Video 06.06.22For a look at all of today’s economic events, check out our economic calendar. This article was originally posted on FX EmpireMore From FXEMPIRE:Families and survivors of recent U.S. mass shootings to testify before CongressGlobal stock markets fall, U.S. yields rise after strong employment dataSilver Price Prediction – Prices Fail on Breakout AttemptWall St ends down with strong jobs data keeping the pressure on for rate hikesFormer Trump adviser Navarro charged with contempt of Congress in Jan 6 probeFood deliverer Delivery Hero drops out of Germany’s blue chip index","GC=F,SI=F,ZG=F",https://finance.yahoo.com/news/silver-weekly-price-forecast-silver-171404870.html
2022-06-03 17:06:41,Natural Gas Weekly Price Forecast – Natural Gas Markets Continue to Find Buyers on Dips,"Natural Gas Weekly Technical AnalysisNatural gas markets initially fell during the course of the week but found enough support just above the $8.00 level to turn things around. At this point, the market is likely to see plenty of support, and at this point, it’s likely that the market will continue to see a lot of noise in this area, and with the $9.00 level above offering resistance, it’s likely that they continue to see volatility, as the market had gotten so far overstretched.If we break above the $9.00 level, it’s likely that we go looking to reach the recent high, but I think that as we are so overextended, it’s worth showing that on the daily chart we have seen a lot of noisy behavior, which suggests that we could see a bit of a reversal, but it’s not the likeliest of outcomes in the short term. At this point, I think we continue to see more sideways action as we have to work off the froth from a parabolic move.Keep in mind that the natural gas markets are being hijacked by the European situation, so you will have to keep an eye on what happens overall because if that situation in Europe gets better, it’s likely that we would see natural gas markets drift a bit lower. At this point, it’s all about Russia and Ukraine. Ultimately, this is a scenario where we see a lot of noisy behavior, but eventually, we will get some type of significant directionality. Until then, you need to be cautious and assume the dips are going to be buying opportunities.Natural Gas Price Forecast Video 06.06.22For a look at all of today’s economic events, check out our economic calendar. This article was originally posted on FX EmpireMore From FXEMPIRE:Empire State Building shines purple, gold for Queen Elizabeth JubileeGlobal stock markets fall, U.S. yields rise after strong employment dataMexican city limits daily water access to 6 hours amid droughtUSD/CAD Exchange Rate Prediction – The Dollar Rallies Following Strong Payroll ReportFed Chair Powell to testify at Senate June 22, Barr vote set for June 8Speculators cut net long bets on U.S. dollar -CFTC, Reuters","NG=F,GC=F,ZG=F",https://finance.yahoo.com/news/natural-gas-weekly-price-forecast-170641284.html
2022-06-03 17:02:31,Gold Weekly Price Forecast – Gold Markets Continue to Show Volatility,"Gold Weekly Technical AnalysisGold markets have gone back and forth during the trading week as we have been hanging around the 50 Week EMA. At this point, the market looks as if we are going to continue to see a lot of noisy behavior, with the uptrend line underneath offering quite a bit of support near the $1800 level. As long as we stay above the $1800 level, it’s possible that we will have buyers coming to pick this market back up.If we were to break above the miniature double high that we just made over the last two canvases, it’s likely that we would open up a possible move to the $1900 level. The $1900 level is a large, round, psychologically significant figure, and also an area where we had seen previous support. Breaking above that level, then it’s likely that the market could go to the $2000 level eventually. That being said, the market is likely to continue seeing a lot of noisy behavior, so I think it’s only a matter of time before we rally, but it’s also going to be a very difficult trade to hang onto.Because of this, you need to keep your position size reasonable, as the volatility will be difficult to sit through at times. That being said, the market is likely to see a lot of noise but pay close attention to the overall interest rate situation, because if the rates start to fall off, then it should push gold back to the upside. Alternately, if we start to see massive rate spikes, that will work against gold and could send us lower. It’s worth noting that there is a two year trend line just below.Gold Price Predictions Video 06.06.22For a look at all of today’s economic events, check out our economic calendar. This article was originally posted on FX EmpireMore From FXEMPIRE:Ukraine and Russia: What you need to know right nowSpirit shareholders should approve Frontier deal, Glass Lewis saysSpeculators cut net long bets on U.S. dollar -CFTC, ReutersUkrainians hold out as Russia storms eastern city on war’s 100th dayUSD/CAD Exchange Rate Prediction – The Dollar Rallies Following Strong Payroll ReportU.S. Senate candidate Fetterman ‘almost died’ from stroke, vows to return to trail",GC=F,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/gold-weekly-price-forecast-gold-170231230.html
2022-06-03 16:52:00,Snowflake Has a New Fan. Why One Analyst Recommends the Stock.,Raymond James analyst Simon Leopold launched coverage with an Outperform rating. He said it is “a share gainer in a massive market.”,SNOW,https://finance.yahoo.com/m/27b54c3f-8423-3d1e-a6f7-53c4e9f7017f/snowflake-has-a-new-fan-why.html
2022-06-03 16:48:04,Making a Profit from Stock Dips,"As the saying goes, ""From the ashes a phoenix shall arise."" And the same can be said for our current market.Fortunately, the Fed recently recognized the strength in household spending, industrial production, business investments, and a robust labor market in Q1. They even expressed optimism for a strong Q2 and GDP advancing at a solid pace for the rest of the year.Though this is very good news for our economy, there’s no way to time the market or predict unfavorable economic events. That’s why investors should pay attention to what the Fed says - so they can put themselves in a better position to withstand imminent market volatility.Because investor sentiment, at the moment, is more pessimistic, there’s the opportunity to buy stocks that have been burned, but still have the potential to soar, which is the secret to making money.This article will help you find more of those stocks.There is a somewhat new phenomenon called the ""V""-shaped recovery. This is basically a swift move lower followed by an equally swift move back higher. People who watch every tick of nearly every stock will have an advantage over most investors; they know the best time to jump back in.This leaves most investors out in the cold, unless they have the intestinal fortitude to withstand the big drops. But who among us didn’t panic even just a little during the Coronavirus correction?Markets Come Back, Some Stocks Don't Reeling from the effects of the pandemic, it seemed just about every stock saw some pain in market-wide sell offs. But most have gained back the ground they lost, and then some! Glamour stocks, the ones with plenty of media coverage, are among the first to get those losses back.The problem is that the speed at which glamour stocks gain back ground can be mind-bending. The stocks that don't get it all back at once should be the ones you focus on. The problem is, there are just too many of these stocks and some of them will never get the media spotlight cast on them.Thankfully, there are stocks that get beaten up, pause at or near the bottom and then begin to head back higher. These stocks generally have something in common; it's a combination of upgrades and higher earnings estimate revisions.More . . .------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Stocks Under $10 to Buy MondayZacks is now revealing its most compelling picks priced under $10 per share (but perhaps not for long). These high-quality companies have prospects for gains of up to 2X and more. Recently, our recommendations have closed returns of +110.4%, +393.8% and even +995.2%.¹These stocks offer the best of both worlds: immediate growth potential AND the strong likelihood of long-term profitability.Special opportunity ends at midnight Sunday, June 5.See Stocks Now >>------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Gauging the Fear Oftentimes, market-wide sell offs are predicated on macro events. Sometimes it comes when a major economy looks close to slipping into a recession (Germany). Other times it could come from a turbulent business climate and slower-than-projected economic growth (China). These macro events tend to bring sudden and severe changes to prices across all markets.There are signals, however, that tell us when traders are expecting a big change in the direction of the markets. It is not an infallible signal, but it has given traders a heads up many times in the past. The indicator I am referring to is the VIX, a measure of the volatility in the markets.Without going into too much detail, suffice it to say that as the VIX rises, the amount of fear in the market is rising as well. Professional traders that have the dry powder often hold their nose and dive into the mess of the markets when the VIX is reaching highs. As the index begins to return to more palatable levels, regular investors tend to follow suit.Analysts Calling the Bottom While traders and daily market watchers have the VIX to follow, those who focus on a day job most of the time are left with a different barometer. One of the biggest sources of market-moving information (that doesn't come directly from the company itself) are the analyst reports that come from brokerages and specialty research firms.Most analysts will just ride out the volatility in their respective foxholes and keep their heads down. There are some, however, that will go out on a limb when they think the time is right. I am not talking about the analyst that upgrades the glamour stock, it's the stock that few have heard of that has dipped to single digits.Those big corrections give analysts the chance to really stick their necks out and start coverage or upgrade one of those unloved stocks that has seen its price drop dramatically. These events don't happen that often, but shortly after things start to look up, the upgrades will boost these stocks back to the double digits.The Best Part of the Upgrade When analysts upgrade a stock, they tend to say the story has changed and the outlook is getting better. Following a large macro-driven correction, some stocks break below the double-digit threshold and that can be just the thing that makes some analysts salivate.It is not a surprise to most when I say that some upgrades are better than others. The total reversal from sell to buy is great, but the upgrade that carries the most weight is the one that comes along with a strong move higher in earnings estimates.Not only is the analyst saying that the price of the stock is undervalued (thanks to the macro-driven correction), but the outlook has vastly improved and the earnings estimates are being revised up as a result. Other analysts see that upgrade and after some homework could come to the same conclusion. The best result is a string of upgrades with an equally strong string of higher earnings estimate revisions.While there are many market sources reporting on the daily upgrades and downgrades, few are watching the estimated revisions as closely as the Zacks Rank. And you can use the Zacks Rank in conjunction with macro selloffs to find the stocks that analysts like and foresee results improving.Riding the Rebounds If you’re looking for one of the most potentially profitable ways to cash in on rebounding stocks, I invite you to join the investors following the live trades in our Stocks Under $10 portfolio.We focus on companies that are primed to make big upward moves. We get in when the Zacks Rank and other proven indicators point to success ahead, and ride them toward serious growth. For example, we’ve recently closed out positions with gains of +108.6%, +110.4%, +393.8% and even +995.2%.¹Get started today and you are also welcome to download our just-released Special Report, 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. From our proven list of 220 Zacks Rank #1 Strong Buys, our team of experts handpicked these 7 for immediate breakout.But a word of caution: Your chance to download this bonus report ends midnight Sunday, June 5.See our Stocks Under $10 and download the Special Report now >>Best,BrianBrian Bolan is our aggressive growth expert and the editor of Zacks Stocks Under $10 portfolio.¹ The results listed above are not (or may not be) representative of the performance of all selections made by Zacks Investment Research’s newsletter editors and may represent the partial close of a position. Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research",,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/making-profit-stock-dips-164804934.html
2022-06-03 16:45:04,Looking for a Growth Stock? 3 Reasons Why Axcelis (ACLS) is a Solid Choice,"Growth investors focus on stocks that are seeing above-average financial growth, as this feature helps these securities garner the market's attention and deliver solid returns. But finding a great growth stock is not easy at all.That's because, these stocks usually carry above-average risk and volatility. In fact, betting on a stock for which the growth story is actually over or nearing its end could lead to significant loss.However, the task of finding cutting-edge growth stocks is made easy with the help of the Zacks Growth Style Score (part of the Zacks Style Scores system), which looks beyond the traditional growth attributes to analyze a company's real growth prospects.Our proprietary system currently recommends Axcelis Technologies (ACLS) as one such stock. This company not only has a favorable Growth Score, but also carries a top Zacks Rank.Studies have shown that stocks with the best growth features consistently outperform the market. And for stocks that have a combination of a Growth Score of A or B and a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) or 2 (Buy), returns are even better.While there are numerous reasons why the stock of this semiconductor services company is a great growth pick right now, we have highlighted three of the most important factors below:Earnings GrowthEarnings growth is arguably the most important factor, as stocks exhibiting exceptionally surging profit levels tend to attract the attention of most investors. And for growth investors, double-digit earnings growth is definitely preferable, and often an indication of strong prospects (and stock price gains) for the company under consideration.While the historical EPS growth rate for Axcelis is 15.6%, investors should actually focus on the projected growth. The company's EPS is expected to grow 52.7% this year, crushing the industry average, which calls for EPS growth of 6.5%.Cash Flow GrowthCash is the lifeblood of any business, but higher-than-average cash flow growth is more beneficial and important for growth-oriented companies than for mature companies. That's because, high cash accumulation enables these companies to undertake new projects without raising expensive outside funds.Story continuesRight now, year-over-year cash flow growth for Axcelis is 95%, which is higher than many of its peers. In fact, the rate compares to the industry average of 44.3%.While investors should actually consider the current cash flow growth, it's worth taking a look at the historical rate too for putting the current reading into proper perspective. The company's annualized cash flow growth rate has been 48.3% over the past 3-5 years versus the industry average of 45.3%.Promising Earnings Estimate RevisionsSuperiority of a stock in terms of the metrics outlined above can be further validated by looking at the trend in earnings estimate revisions. A positive trend is of course favorable here. Empirical research shows that there is a strong correlation between trends in earnings estimate revisions and near-term stock price movements.There have been upward revisions in current-year earnings estimates for Axcelis. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for the current year has surged 10.2% over the past month.Bottom LineAxcelis has not only earned a Growth Score of A based on a number of factors, including the ones discussed above, but it also carries a Zacks Rank #1 because of the positive earnings estimate revisions.You can see the complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.This combination positions Axcelis well for outperformance, so growth investors may want to bet on it.Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Axcelis Technologies, Inc. (ACLS) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here.",ACLS,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/looking-growth-stock-3-reasons-164504693.html
2022-06-08 18:39:27,"Top Millennial, Gen Z Stock Picks Shift To Energy Stocks; Top Pick Tesla Takes A Hit",Millennials and Gen Z are investing earlier than previous generations. What are their top stock picks? And should you buy them too?,"AMD,MSFT,NVDA,AMC,AAPL,TSLA",https://finance.yahoo.com/m/f9e3c029-2453-38e6-a9bf-eedc0ce911bd/top-millennial-gen-z-stock.html
2022-06-07 15:24:33,5 Dow Jones Stocks To Buy And Watch In June: Apple Sells Off,"The Dow Jones Industrial Average finished the month of May squarely off its mid-month lows. The best Dow Jones stocks to buy and watch in June are Apple, Chevron, Dow, Microsoft and Travelers. There are clear winners — and losers — at the end of May.","MSFT,AAPL,^DJI",https://finance.yahoo.com/m/65b53896-faf4-3a06-9d0d-a63cf3c83192/5-dow-jones-stocks-to-buy-and.html
2022-06-03 16:24:47,S&amp;P 500 Price Forecast – The S&amp;P 500 Has Another Rough Day,"S&P 500 Technical AnalysisThe S&P 500 has fallen significantly during the trading session on Friday as we have pulled back from the 50 Day EMA. Looking at this chart, it looks like we are trying to break down below the 4100 level, and perhaps if we can go below there it’s likely that we fall from there. All things being equal, the S&P 500 will continue to see a lot downward pressure, as there are a lot of concerns when it comes to the overall economy, and of course the reopening.The 50 Day EMA is a technical indicator that a lot of people pay attention to, but if we were to break down below the 4071 level, then it opens up even more selling before we go down to the 4000 level, possibly even the 3900 level after that. All things being equal, this is a rally that was needed after a massive selloff. If we break above the 50 Day EMA, then it’s possible that we could make a move to the 4300 level, an area where we have seen a lot of resistance previously.The size of the candlestick does suggest that there will be a bit of follow-through, and it’s worth noting that people were not willing to hang onto the contract heading into the weekend. This sets up for a potential negative week ahead, so I’ll be watching that little miniature double bottom underneath with great interest. Regardless, I think that we are looking at quite a bit of volatility just that, and I think that it will noisy to say the least, but that’s nothing new for this market.US Stock Market Forecast Video for 06.06.22For a look at all of today’s economic events, check out our economic calendar. This article was originally posted on FX EmpireMore From FXEMPIRE:Ukrainians hold out as Russia storms eastern city on war’s 100th dayU.S. Senate candidate Fetterman ‘almost died’ from stroke, vows to return to trailFed Chair Powell to testify at Senate June 22, Barr vote set for June 8Wall St ends down with strong jobs data keeping the pressure on for rate hikesArmenia police clash with protesters in Yerevan, 50 people hospitalised – agenciesUkraine and Russia: What you need to know right now",^GSPC,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/p-500-price-forecast-p-162447655.html
2022-06-03 16:23:25,Deere to move cab production to Mexico amid tight U.S. labor market,"(Reuters) - Agriculture equipment maker Deere & Co said on Friday it would move the company's cab production from its Waterloo, Iowa plant to Mexico due to a tight labor market in the United States.The transfer of cab production from its Tractor and Cab assembly operations facility to the components plant in Ramos, Mexico is expected to be completed by 2024, impacting about 250 employees.""The decision to move cab production ensures the company can balance workforce needs within the tight labor market, while also ensuring Waterloo can open up floor space to manufacture new products,"" the company said in a statement.An acute shortage of workers is boosting wage growth, increasing costs for U.S. manufacturers who are already dealing with inflationary pressures.Deere missed Wall Street revenue targets in its latest quarterly results and flagged difficulties in securing parts for its heavy machinery.(Reporting by Nathan Gomes and Maria Ponnezhath in Bengaluru; Editing by Krishna Chandra Eluri)",DE,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/deere-move-cab-production-mexico-162325306.html
2022-06-03 16:20:47,Silver Price Forecast – Silver Market Pullback,"Silver Markets Technical AnalysisSilver markets have initially rallied during the trading session on Friday, but found enough noise near the $22.50 level to turn around. As the interest rates in America rallied, they put significant downward pressure on silver. If there is going to be a growth problem, silver will get hammered as it is a commodity that is highly sensitive to growth. Remember, silver is an industrial commodity, so therefore you need to treat it as such. I know that a lot of people hearken on about how it is a precious metal, but the reality is that gold is used for that type of trading.At this juncture, I believe that the market will break below the $22 level again, and continue to go lower. In fact, it’s not until we break above the $23 level that I would seriously consider going along silver, so therefore I look at this as a scenario where you are looking for signs of exhaustion to sell, just as we have had during the Friday session. On the downside, I anticipate that we break down below the $21.50 level, that should increase downward pressure, perhaps sending silver down to the $20.50 level.Regardless of what happens next, you should look at this as a market that is struggling, and even though we’ve had a nice little balance over the last couple of weeks, the reality is that the selloff was brutal, and quite frankly we were due for some type of relief rally. It’s possible that we have just seen that happen, and now the selling can continue to come into the picture and pressure this market lower.Silver Price Forecast Video 06.06.22For a look at all of today’s economic events, check out our economic calendar. This article was originally posted on FX EmpireMore From FXEMPIRE:Ukrainians hold out as Russia storms eastern city on war’s 100th dayFed to steam ahead on rate hikes even as job gains slowFed Chair Powell to testify at Senate June 22, Barr vote set for June 8Spirit shareholders should approve Frontier deal, Glass Lewis saysFormer Trump adviser Navarro charged with contempt of Congress in Jan 6 probeSpeculators cut net long bets on U.S. dollar -CFTC, Reuters",SI=F,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/silver-price-forecast-silver-market-162047240.html
2022-06-03 16:20:04,Surging Earnings Estimates Signal Upside for AMN Healthcare (AMN) Stock,"AMN Healthcare Services (AMN) could be a solid choice for investors given the company's remarkably improving earnings outlook. While the stock has been a strong performer lately, this trend might continue since analysts are still raising their earnings estimates for the company.Analysts' growing optimism on the earnings prospects of this health care staffing company is driving estimates higher, which should get reflected in its stock price. After all, empirical research shows a strong correlation between trends in earnings estimate revisions and near-term stock price movements. This insight is at the core of our stock rating tool -- the Zacks Rank.The five-grade Zacks Rank system, which ranges from a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) to a Zacks Rank #5 (Strong Sell), has an impressive externally-audited track record of outperformance, with Zacks #1 Ranked stocks generating an average annual return of +25% since 2008.For AMN Healthcare, strong agreement among the covering analysts in revising earnings estimates upward has resulted in meaningful improvement in consensus estimates for the next quarter and full year.The chart below shows the evolution of forward 12-month Zacks Consensus EPS estimate:12 Month EPSCurrent-Quarter Estimate RevisionsFor the current quarter, the company is expected to earn $3 per share, which is a change of +82.93% from the year-ago reported number.Over the last 30 days, three estimates have moved higher for AMN Healthcare compared to no negative revisions. As a result, the Zacks Consensus Estimate has increased 30.43%.Current-Year Estimate RevisionsFor the full year, the earnings estimate of $10.46 per share represents a change of +30.26% from the year-ago number.There has been an encouraging trend in estimate revisions for the current year as well. Over the past month, four estimates have moved up for AMN Healthcare versus no negative revisions. This has pushed the consensus estimate 12.41% higher.Story continuesFavorable Zacks RankThanks to promising estimate revisions, AMN Healthcare currently carries a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy). The Zacks Rank is a tried-and-tested rating tool that helps investors effectively harness the power of earnings estimate revisions and make the right investment decision. You can see the complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.Our research shows that stocks with Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) and 2 (Buy) significantly outperform the S&P 500.Bottom LineInvestors have been betting on AMN Healthcare because of its solid estimate revisions, as evident from the stock's 5.9% gain over the past four weeks. As its earnings growth prospects might push the stock higher, you may consider adding it to your portfolio right away.Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report AMN Healthcare Services Inc (AMN) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here.",AMN,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/surging-earnings-estimates-signal-upside-162004944.html
2022-06-03 16:14:34,Best Leveraged S&amp;P 500 ETFs for Q3 2022,"Investors looking to diversify their holdings often turn to exchange-traded funds (ETFs). ETFs are also an excellent way to track the S&P 500 Index, a market-capitalization-weighted index of the 500 largest U.S. publicly traded companies. The S&P 500 has experienced high levels of volatility in recent years due to the economic disruption caused by the COVID-19 pandemic and other uncertainties.","SSO,UPRO,SPUU",https://finance.yahoo.com/m/73bb7ee1-4473-31cc-8b76-1810a0427444/best-leveraged-s-p-500-etfs.html
2022-06-08 18:06:03,Plug Power Earnings Disappoint; Is PLUG Stock A Buy Or Sell?,Hydrogen fuel cell maker Plug Power sees 2022 revenue surging 80% year over year to up to $925 million. Is PLUG stock a buy now?,"PLUG,FCELB",https://finance.yahoo.com/m/3662e412-a9b6-3048-9f9d-571aee7fdb8f/plug-power-earnings.html
2022-06-03 16:13:00,Apple Stock Is Slipping. App Store Growth Could Be Slowing.,Morgan Stanley analyst Katy Huberty says her 15% growth forecast for June quarter App Store revenue growth may be too high.,,https://finance.yahoo.com/m/35fc6363-42c9-3a5e-ac54-7e2b51bc9946/apple-stock-is-slipping-app.html
2022-06-03 16:11:11,Dow Jones Continues Lower On Better-Than-Expected May Jobs Report,The indexes opened lower but remained above key levels of support. The Dow Jones fared the best while the Nasdaq struggled.,"^RUT,NFE,^GSPC,^DJI",https://finance.yahoo.com/m/39a453b5-73c8-31a7-8bbe-4a285f9ab007/dow-jones-continues-lower-on.html
2022-06-03 16:11:00,Dow slumps 300 points as stocks turn lower for week after strong May jobs report,U.S. stocks fall Friday after better-than-expected May payrolls data reinforced expectations for a series of interest rate rises by the Federal Reserve in coming months.,TSLA,https://finance.yahoo.com/m/77b15f73-c366-33ed-9f18-d04b122c6692/dow-slumps-300-points-as.html
2022-06-07 15:38:08,Tough Road Ahead For Rivian: Analyst; Is RIVN Stock A Buy?,"EV startup Rivian is working through growing pains, amid rising raw material costs and chip shortages. Is Rivian stock a buy?",TSLA,https://finance.yahoo.com/m/57faf6ff-34ba-37b7-9fd7-f6f2729cc1e0/tough-road-ahead-for-rivian-.html
2022-06-03 16:08:25,Natural Gas Price Forecast – Natural Gas Markets Have an Extraordinarily Volatile Day,"Natural Gas Technical AnalysisNatural gas markets have gone back and forth during the course of the trading session on Friday as we continue to see a lot of noisy behavior. That being said, the market is still very bullish, despite the fact that we have slumped over the last couple of sessions. The $8.00 level should continue to be an area of interest and short-term support.If we were to break down below the $8.00 level, it’s likely that the market will go looking to reach the 50 Day EMA. On the upside, if we were to break above the top of the candlestick for the trading session on Friday, then it’s likely that we are looking to reach the $9.00 level. If we were to break above there, then it’s likely that the “tweezer top” gets threatened.I think the only thing that you can count on is a lot of volatility, which is something typical for this market. That being said, it does seem as if short-term pullbacks will more likely than not offer value the people will try to take advantage of. If we do break down below the 50 Day EMA, it could be the beginning of something a little bigger, but right now it does not look to be the case. Breaking down below the $7.00 level could change the overall trend, but right now we are quite away from making that happen. Alternately, if we were to break above the tweezer top above, then it’s possible that natural gas may go looking to reach the $10.00 level. Keep your position size reasonable.Natural Gas Price Forecast Video 06.06.22For a look at all of today’s economic events, check out our economic calendar. This article was originally posted on FX EmpireMore From FXEMPIRE:Rogers responds to Canada competition bureau’s opposition of Shaw takeoverU.S. EPA sets 2020-2022 biofuel blending mandates, denies refiners waiversFormer Trump adviser Navarro charged with contempt of Congress in Jan 6 probeUSD/CAD Exchange Rate Prediction – The Dollar Rallies Following Strong Payroll ReportUkraine and Russia: What you need to know right nowWall St ends down with strong jobs data keeping the pressure on for rate hikes",NG=F,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/natural-gas-price-forecast-natural-160825187.html
2022-06-03 16:07:14,Stock Market Today: Dow Slips on Fears Strong Jobs Data to Power Fed Hikes,"By Yasin EbrahimInvesting.com -- The Dow on Friday ended the week in red on fears a stronger-than-expected monthly jobs could embolden the Federal Reserve to continue on its rate hike path.The Dow Jones Industrial Average slipped 1.7%, or 349 points, the Nasdaq fell 2.5% and the S&P 500 fell 1.7%.The U.S. economy created 390,000 jobs in May, beating economists' forecast for 325,000 jobs, though this was below an upwardly revised 436,000 job gains in the prior month.The unemployment rate was unchanged at 3.6%, while wage growth, which many believe will play a key role in determining whether elevated inflation becomes entrenched, slowed.But nonsupervisory wage growth “accelerated,” signaling that more dollars will be heading to consumers at the lower end of the scale who are more likely to spend, “making it harder for the Fed to reduce demand,” Jefferies said in a note.While the markets appear to have mostly priced in three 50 basis point Fed rate hikes - for June, July and September - quantitative tightening remains an unknown that together with expectations for inflation to persist will keep volatility front and center.“The market will continue to be volatile moving forward, driven by the transition from quantitative easing to quantitative tightening and expectations that inflation hasn’t peaked,” David Wagner, portfolio manager at Aptus Capital Advisors told Investing.com in an interview on Friday.Treasury yields lost some steam but remained in the ascendency, keeping sectors of the market sensitive to rate hikes, such as tech, under pressure.Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT), Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOGL), Meta Platforms (NASDAQ:FB), and Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) were in the red.Chip stocks also piled the pressure on tech stocks following a slump in Micron (NASDAQ:MU) after Piper Sandler downgraded the company to underweight from neutral, citing pricing pressures and softer demand.Tesla Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA), down 9%, was the biggest drag on consumer stocks after chief executive Elon Musk reportedly said the company needs to cut 10% of staff, citing a “super bad” feeling about the economy.Story continuesMusk’s gloomy outlook on the economy comes just days after JPMorgan chief executive Jamie Dimon said the bank was bracing for an economic “hurricane.”Coinbase (NASDAQ:COIN) also flagged worries about the macroeconomic backdrop after the cryptocurrency exchange extended a hiring pause and said it would rescind some accepted job offers.CrowdStrike (NASDAQ:CRWD) fell more than 7% even as it raised full-year guidance and reported first quarter results that beat on both the top and bottom lines.Airlines, which have racked up gains recently on bets of a summer boom for travel demand, were also in the firing line after American Airlines Group (NASDAQ:AAL) forecast capacity toward the lower end of guidance, citing a lack of staff.Delta Air Lines (NYSE:DAL) and United Airlines (NASDAQ:UAL) were down about 3%.Related ArticlesStock Market Today: Dow Slips on Fears Strong Jobs Data to Power Fed HikesRogers asks tribunal to scrap Canada competition bureau's rejection of Shaw takeoverSpirit shareholders should approve Frontier deal, Glass Lewis says","TSLA,^DJI",https://finance.yahoo.com/news/stock-market-today-dow-slips-160714438.html
2022-06-03 16:04:24,Gold Price Forecast – Gold Markets Pull Back From the 50 Day EMA,"Gold Market Technical AnalysisGold markets have pulled back a bit from the 50 Day EMA during trading on Friday, as interest rates in America have risen again. By doing so, the market looks as if it continues to respect this indicator, as it has been both dynamic support and resistance over the last several months. At this point, the market is sitting on top of the 200 Day EMA, and therefore it makes quite a bit of sense that we have slowed down. Furthermore, there are a lot of questions as to where the Federal Reserve sits on the interest-rate question, which is a bit interesting due to the fact that they’ve been pretty steadfast in how they have approached speaking about it.Looking at this chart, if we were to break above the 50 Day EMA, then it opens up fresh buying for the gold market. I do think that it is probably only a matter of time before we see more upward pressure, assuming that people continue to step in and buy bonds. The market will continue to be very noisy, but it’s interesting that the bond market has been leading the way going forward. Ultimately, I think that if we continue to see yields drop in America over the longer term, then the bond market will push the gold market higher.Furthermore, we also have to worry about whether or not there is risk appetite. If there is not risk appetite, it does make a significant amount of bullish pressure jump into this market as well. At this point, if we break above the 50 Day EMA, it’s likely that we will look to reach the $1900 level. On the other hand, if we break down below the candle from the Wednesday session, then I think the market is likely to go looking to reach the $1800 level underneath.Gold Price Predictions Video 06.06.22For a look at all of today’s economic events, check out our economic calendar. This article was originally posted on FX EmpireMore From FXEMPIRE:Fed to steam ahead on rate hikes even as job gains slowOhio to let teachers carry guns after 24 hours of trainingUSD/CAD Exchange Rate Prediction – The Dollar Rallies Following Strong Payroll ReportBuffalo, Uvalde survivor, families to testify before CongressFed Chair Powell to testify at Senate June 22, Barr vote set for June 8Stellantis unit pleads guilty, will pay $300M in U.S. diesel probe",GC=F,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/gold-price-forecast-gold-markets-160424677.html
2022-06-03 16:02:10,"Stock Market Rally Falls As Fed Signals More Big Rate Hikes; Salesforce, Tesla In Focus: Weekly Review","The stock market fell modestly this week, but held key levels. Salesforce earnings led software stocks. Tesla fell as Elon Musk signaled job cuts amid a ""super bad feeling.""","MSFT,F,CRWD,CRM,TSLA",https://finance.yahoo.com/m/33e531ff-40c2-37ef-a9e4-68bd60cfb331/stock-market-rally-falls-as.html
2022-06-03 16:01:06,Best Energy Stocks To Buy In June,"Key InsightsWTI oil is trying to settle above the $120 level despite OPEC+ recent decision to increase oil production. Driving season and the end of lockdowns in China serve as bullish catalysts for oil markets. Exxon Mobil and Chevron are trading at 11-12 forward P/E and have good chances to continue their current bullish trend. WTI oil continues its attempts to settle above the $120 level, so energy stocks remain in high demand. Meanwhile, analyst estimates for major oil companies are moving higher, which could provide additional support to oil-related stocks.ChevronAnalysts expect that Chevron will report earnings of $16.52 per share in 2022 and $14.24 per share in 2023, so the stock is trading at 12 forward P/E.Chevron is already up by roughly 50% this year, but the stock remains relatively cheap. Analysts estimates for Chevron continue to improve, which is not surprising as WTI oil is trading near the $120 level.The recent OPEC+ decision to increase production failed to put any material pressure on the oil market which reacts to the end of lockdowns in China. In this light, Chevron stock has a good chance to gain additional upside momentum in the upcoming weeks.Exxon MobilExxon Mobil is moving towards all-time highs that were reached back in 2014. Currently, the stock is trying to settle above the $100 level.Analysts expect that the company will report earnings of $8.61 per share in the next year, so the stock is trading at 11 forward P/E, which is a bit cheaper in comparison with Chevron.High oil prices and investors’ rush into energy-related assets remain the key drivers for Exxon Mobil stock. While Exxon Mobil is already up by about 60% in 2022, it will gain solid upside momentum in case WTI oil settles above the $120 level and moves towards yearly highs near the $130 level.To keep up with the latest earnings updates, visit our earnings calendar.This article was originally posted on FX EmpireMore From FXEMPIRE:Armenia police clash with protesters in Yerevan, 50 people hospitalised – agenciesU.S. EPA sets 2020-2022 biofuel blending mandates, denies refiners waiversOhio to let teachers carry guns after 24 hours of trainingUkraine and Russia: What you need to know right nowU.S. stock market rebound faces key inflation testRogers responds to Canada competition bureau’s opposition of Shaw takeover","XOM,CVX",https://finance.yahoo.com/news/best-energy-stocks-buy-june-160106408.html
2022-06-03 16:01:04,Schlumberger (SLB) Stock Jumps 54.6% YTD: More Room to Run?,"Shares of Schlumberger Limited SLB have surged 54.6% year to date (YTD) compared with the industry’s 16.2% growth. The Zacks Rank #3 (Hold) stock is likely to see year-over-year earnings growth of 44.5% and 42.4%, respectively.Zacks Investment ResearchImage Source: Zacks Investment ResearchLet’s discuss the factors related to the stock’s price appreciation.What’s Favoring the Stock?West Texas Intermediate crude price, trading at more than $110 per barrel, has increased drastically in the past year. The sharp rise in oil price can be hitched to the assumptions by many analysts that the Ukraine war may be prolonged.High oil price is beneficial for exploration and production activities, which will lead to increased demand for oilfield services since oilfield service players help drillers efficiently set up oil and gas wells. Schlumberger, a leading oilfield service player, is well-positioned to capitalize on the mounting demand.With the expectation that upstream business remains favorable, Schlumberger will likely generate significant cash flows from North American and International operations. Schlumberger reported strong results for the March quarter of this year, thanks to the robust drilling activities in North America, Latin America and the Middle East. Higher evaluation and intervention activities across the international offshore markets also buoyed the company’s first-quarter results.Although there is room for further price appreciations, one of the factors partially hindering the stock price rally is Schlumberger’s exposure to more debt capital compared with composite stocks belonging to the industry.Stocks to ConsiderSome better-ranked players in the energy space are ConocoPhillips COP, Marathon Oil MRO and Occidental Petroleum OXY. While ConocoPhillips carries a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy), Marathon Oil and Occidental Petroleum sport a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy). You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here.Considering production and reserves, ConocoPhillips is one of the leading exploration and production players in the global market. COP witnessed upward earnings estimate revisions for 2022 and 2023 in the past 30 days.Story continuesIn 2022, ConocoPhillips is likely to see an earnings growth of 141.6%.Marathon Oil is a leading oil and natural gas exploration and production company. MRO witnessed upward earnings estimate revisions for 2022 and 2023 in the past 30 days.In 2022, Marathon Oil is likely to see an earnings growth of 201.3%.In the United States, Occidental Petroleum is among the largest oil producers. OXY witnessed upward earnings estimate revisions for 2022 and 2023 in the past 30 days.In 2022, Occidental Petroleum is likely to see an earnings growth of 278.8%.Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Schlumberger Limited (SLB) : Free Stock Analysis Report ConocoPhillips (COP) : Free Stock Analysis Report Marathon Oil Corporation (MRO) : Free Stock Analysis Report Occidental Petroleum Corporation (OXY) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research","SLB,COP,OXY",https://finance.yahoo.com/news/schlumberger-slb-stock-jumps-54-160104867.html
2022-06-03 16:00:04,What Makes M&amp;T Bank Corporation (MTB) a Strong Momentum Stock: Buy Now?,"Momentum investing revolves around the idea of following a stock's recent trend in either direction. In the 'long' context, investors will be essentially be ""buying high, but hoping to sell even higher."" With this methodology, taking advantage of trends in a stock's price is key; once a stock establishes a course, it is more than likely to continue moving that way. The goal is that once a stock heads down a fixed path, it will lead to timely and profitable trades.Even though momentum is a popular stock characteristic, it can be tough to define. Debate surrounding which are the best and worst metrics to focus on is lengthy, but the Zacks Momentum Style Score, part of the Zacks Style Scores, helps address this issue for us.Below, we take a look at M&T Bank Corporation (MTB), which currently has a Momentum Style Score of A. We also discuss some of the main drivers of the Momentum Style Score, like price change and earnings estimate revisions.It's also important to note that Style Scores work as a complement to the Zacks Rank, our stock rating system that has an impressive track record of outperformance. M&T Bank Corporation currently has a Zacks Rank of #2 (Buy). Our research shows that stocks rated Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) and #2 (Buy) and Style Scores of A or B outperform the market over the following one-month period.You can see the current list of Zacks #1 Rank Stocks here >>>Set to Beat the Market?In order to see if MTB is a promising momentum pick, let's examine some Momentum Style elements to see if this company holds up.Looking at a stock's short-term price activity is a great way to gauge if it has momentum, since this can reflect both the current interest in a stock and if buyers or sellers have the upper hand at the moment. It is also useful to compare a security to its industry, as this can help investors pinpoint the top companies in a particular area.For MTB, shares are up 11.1% over the past week while the Zacks Banks - Major Regional industry is up 8.82% over the same time period. Shares are looking quite well from a longer time frame too, as the monthly price change of 4.79% compares favorably with the industry's 3.53% performance as well.Story continuesWhile any stock can see its price increase, it takes a real winner to consistently beat the market. That is why looking at longer term price metrics -- such as performance over the past three months or year -- can be useful as well. Over the past quarter, shares of M&T Bank Corporation have risen 3.73%, and are up 10.66% in the last year. On the other hand, the S&P 500 has only moved -4.33% and 0.74%, respectively.Investors should also take note of MTB's average 20-day trading volume. Volume is a useful item in many ways, and the 20-day average establishes a good price-to-volume baseline; a rising stock with above average volume is generally a bullish sign, whereas a declining stock on above average volume is typically bearish. Right now, MTB is averaging 1,139,038 shares for the last 20 days.Earnings OutlookThe Zacks Momentum Style Score encompasses many things, including estimate revisions and a stock's price movement. Investors should note that earnings estimates are also significant to the Zacks Rank, and a nice path here can be promising. We have recently been noticing this with MTB.Over the past two months, 8 earnings estimates moved higher compared to 1 lower for the full year. These revisions helped boost MTB's consensus estimate, increasing from $12.04 to $13.66 in the past 60 days. Looking at the next fiscal year, 9 estimates have moved upwards while there have been no downward revisions in the same time period.Bottom LineTaking into account all of these elements, it should come as no surprise that MTB is a #2 (Buy) stock with a Momentum Score of A. If you've been searching for a fresh pick that's set to rise in the near-term, make sure to keep M&T Bank Corporation on your short list.Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report M&T Bank Corporation (MTB) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here.",MTB-PH,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/makes-m-t-bank-corporation-160004222.html
2022-06-03 16:00:04,Nova Ltd. (NVMI) is a Great Momentum Stock: Should You Buy?,"Momentum investing revolves around the idea of following a stock's recent trend in either direction. In the 'long' context, investors will be essentially be ""buying high, but hoping to sell even higher."" With this methodology, taking advantage of trends in a stock's price is key; once a stock establishes a course, it is more than likely to continue moving that way. The goal is that once a stock heads down a fixed path, it will lead to timely and profitable trades.While many investors like to look for momentum in stocks, this can be very tough to define. There is a lot of debate surrounding which metrics are the best to focus on and which are poor quality indicators of future performance. The Zacks Momentum Style Score, part of the Zacks Style Scores, helps address this issue for us.Below, we take a look at Nova Ltd. (NVMI), a company that currently holds a Momentum Style Score of A. We also talk about price change and earnings estimate revisions, two of the main aspects of the Momentum Style Score.It's also important to note that Style Scores work as a complement to the Zacks Rank, our stock rating system that has an impressive track record of outperformance. Nova Ltd. Currently has a Zacks Rank of #1 (Strong Buy). Our research shows that stocks rated Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) and #2 (Buy) and Style Scores of A or B outperform the market over the following one-month period.You can see the current list of Zacks #1 Rank Stocks here >>>Set to Beat the Market?In order to see if NVMI is a promising momentum pick, let's examine some Momentum Style elements to see if this maker of monitoring systems used in chip manufacturing holds up.Looking at a stock's short-term price activity is a great way to gauge if it has momentum, since this can reflect both the current interest in a stock and if buyers or sellers have the upper hand at the moment. It's also helpful to compare a security to its industry; this can show investors the best companies in a particular area.Story continuesFor NVMI, shares are up 10.2% over the past week while the Zacks Electronics - Semiconductors industry is up 6.74% over the same time period. Shares are looking quite well from a longer time frame too, as the monthly price change of 10.69% compares favorably with the industry's 2.79% performance as well.Considering longer term price metrics, like performance over the last three months or year, can be advantageous as well. Over the past quarter, shares of Nova Ltd. Have risen 2.21%, and are up 11.45% in the last year. On the other hand, the S&P 500 has only moved -4.33% and 0.74%, respectively.Investors should also take note of NVMI's average 20-day trading volume. Volume is a useful item in many ways, and the 20-day average establishes a good price-to-volume baseline; a rising stock with above average volume is generally a bullish sign, whereas a declining stock on above average volume is typically bearish. Right now, NVMI is averaging 200,533 shares for the last 20 days.Earnings OutlookThe Zacks Momentum Style Score encompasses many things, including estimate revisions and a stock's price movement. Investors should note that earnings estimates are also significant to the Zacks Rank, and a nice path here can be promising. We have recently been noticing this with NVMI.Over the past two months, 2 earnings estimates moved higher compared to none lower for the full year. These revisions helped boost NVMI's consensus estimate, increasing from $4.19 to $4.69 in the past 60 days. Looking at the next fiscal year, 1 estimate has moved upwards while there have been no downward revisions in the same time period.Bottom LineTaking into account all of these elements, it should come as no surprise that NVMI is a #1 (Strong Buy) stock with a Momentum Score of A. If you've been searching for a fresh pick that's set to rise in the near-term, make sure to keep Nova Ltd. On your short list.Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Nova Ltd. (NVMI) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here.",,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nova-ltd-nvmi-great-momentum-160004408.html
2022-06-03 16:00:04,What Makes Livent (LTHM) a Strong Momentum Stock: Buy Now?,"Momentum investing revolves around the idea of following a stock's recent trend in either direction. In the 'long' context, investors will be essentially be ""buying high, but hoping to sell even higher."" With this methodology, taking advantage of trends in a stock's price is key; once a stock establishes a course, it is more than likely to continue moving that way. The goal is that once a stock heads down a fixed path, it will lead to timely and profitable trades.Even though momentum is a popular stock characteristic, it can be tough to define. Debate surrounding which are the best and worst metrics to focus on is lengthy, but the Zacks Momentum Style Score, part of the Zacks Style Scores, helps address this issue for us.Below, we take a look at Livent (LTHM), which currently has a Momentum Style Score of A. We also discuss some of the main drivers of the Momentum Style Score, like price change and earnings estimate revisions.It's also important to note that Style Scores work as a complement to the Zacks Rank, our stock rating system that has an impressive track record of outperformance. Livent currently has a Zacks Rank of #2 (Buy). Our research shows that stocks rated Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) and #2 (Buy) and Style Scores of A or B outperform the market over the following one-month period.You can see the current list of Zacks #1 Rank Stocks here >>>Set to Beat the Market?Let's discuss some of the components of the Momentum Style Score for LTHM that show why this supplier of performance lithium compounds shows promise as a solid momentum pick.A good momentum benchmark for a stock is to look at its short-term price activity, as this can reflect both current interest and if buyers or sellers currently have the upper hand. It is also useful to compare a security to its industry, as this can help investors pinpoint the top companies in a particular area.For LTHM, shares are up 21.74% over the past week while the Zacks Chemical - Specialty industry is up 5.09% over the same time period. Shares are looking quite well from a longer time frame too, as the monthly price change of 3.81% compares favorably with the industry's 2.89% performance as well.Story continuesConsidering longer term price metrics, like performance over the last three months or year, can be advantageous as well. Shares of Livent have increased 24.16% over the past quarter, and have gained 46.17% in the last year. In comparison, the S&P 500 has only moved -4.33% and 0.74%, respectively.Investors should also pay attention to LTHM's average 20-day trading volume. Volume is a useful item in many ways, and the 20-day average establishes a good price-to-volume baseline; a rising stock with above average volume is generally a bullish sign, whereas a declining stock on above average volume is typically bearish. LTHM is currently averaging 4,449,896 shares for the last 20 days.Earnings OutlookThe Zacks Momentum Style Score encompasses many things, including estimate revisions and a stock's price movement. Investors should note that earnings estimates are also significant to the Zacks Rank, and a nice path here can be promising. We have recently been noticing this with LTHM.Over the past two months, 5 earnings estimates moved higher compared to none lower for the full year. These revisions helped boost LTHM's consensus estimate, increasing from $0.61 to $1.23 in the past 60 days. Looking at the next fiscal year, 5 estimates have moved upwards while there have been no downward revisions in the same time period.Bottom LineGiven these factors, it shouldn't be surprising that LTHM is a #2 (Buy) stock and boasts a Momentum Score of A. If you're looking for a fresh pick that's set to soar in the near-term, make sure to keep Livent on your short list.Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Livent Corporation (LTHM) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here.",LTHM,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/makes-livent-lthm-strong-momentum-160004432.html
2022-06-03 16:00:04,What Makes eGain (EGAN) a New Strong Buy Stock,"eGain (EGAN) appears an attractive pick, as it has been recently upgraded to a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy). This upgrade is essentially a reflection of an upward trend in earnings estimates -- one of the most powerful forces impacting stock prices.A company's changing earnings picture is at the core of the Zacks rating. The system tracks the Zacks Consensus Estimate -- the consensus measure of EPS estimates from the sell-side analysts covering the stock -- for the current and following years.The power of a changing earnings picture in determining near-term stock price movements makes the Zacks rating system highly useful for individual investors, since it can be difficult to make decisions based on rating upgrades by Wall Street analysts. These are mostly driven by subjective factors that are hard to see and measure in real time.As such, the Zacks rating upgrade for eGain is essentially a positive comment on its earnings outlook that could have a favorable impact on its stock price.Most Powerful Force Impacting Stock PricesThe change in a company's future earnings potential, as reflected in earnings estimate revisions, has proven to be strongly correlated with the near-term price movement of its stock. That's partly because of the influence of institutional investors that use earnings and earnings estimates for calculating the fair value of a company's shares. An increase or decrease in earnings estimates in their valuation models simply results in higher or lower fair value for a stock, and institutional investors typically buy or sell it. Their transaction of large amounts of shares then leads to price movement for the stock.Fundamentally speaking, rising earnings estimates and the consequent rating upgrade for eGain imply an improvement in the company's underlying business. Investors should show their appreciation for this improving business trend by pushing the stock higher.Harnessing the Power of Earnings Estimate RevisionsStory continuesAs empirical research shows a strong correlation between trends in earnings estimate revisions and near-term stock movements, tracking such revisions for making an investment decision could be truly rewarding. Here is where the tried-and-tested Zacks Rank stock-rating system plays an important role, as it effectively harnesses the power of earnings estimate revisions.The Zacks Rank stock-rating system, which uses four factors related to earnings estimates to classify stocks into five groups, ranging from Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) to Zacks Rank #5 (Strong Sell), has an impressive externally-audited track record, with Zacks Rank #1 stocks generating an average annual return of +25% since 1988. You can see the complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here >>>>.Earnings Estimate Revisions for eGainThis maker of customer engagement software is expected to earn $0.26 per share for the fiscal year ending June 2022, which represents a year-over-year change of -3.7%.Analysts have been steadily raising their estimates for eGain. Over the past three months, the Zacks Consensus Estimate for the company has increased 54.2%.Bottom LineUnlike the overly optimistic Wall Street analysts whose rating systems tend to be weighted toward favorable recommendations, the Zacks rating system maintains an equal proportion of 'buy' and 'sell' ratings for its entire universe of more than 4000 stocks at any point in time. Irrespective of market conditions, only the top 5% of the Zacks-covered stocks get a 'Strong Buy' rating and the next 15% get a 'Buy' rating. So, the placement of a stock in the top 20% of the Zacks-covered stocks indicates its superior earnings estimate revision feature, making it a solid candidate for producing market-beating returns in the near term.You can learn more about the Zacks Rank here >>>The upgrade of eGain to a Zacks Rank #1 positions it in the top 5% of the Zacks-covered stocks in terms of estimate revisions, implying that the stock might move higher in the near term.Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report eGain Corporation (EGAN) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here.",EGAN,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/makes-egain-egan-strong-buy-160004200.html
2022-06-03 16:00:00,3 Intriguing Tales From Small-Cap Stock Land,"As a busted BIRD bottoms, Billy Beane loses his 'seat' and a SOTP story continues a nice run.",NL,https://finance.yahoo.com/m/abc7dd9c-20de-3e19-bd42-4aa30b64774b/3-intriguing-tales-from.html
2022-06-03 15:58:19,UPDATE: Novavax's stock slides 23% after FDA details myocarditis cases for COVID-19 vaccine candidate,Shares of Novavax Inc. tumbled 22.9% in trading on Friday after the Food and Drug Administration published a,"NVAX,MRNA,^GSPC",https://finance.yahoo.com/m/7b4bee55-8971-3e11-8f5c-603785a6d84e/update-novavax-s-stock.html
2022-06-03 15:57:00,Vasta Invests In Edubank To Tap K-12 Tuitions Payment Market,"Vasta Platform Ltd (NASDAQ: VSTA) subsidiary Somos Sistemas de Ensino S.A. has agreed to invest an undisclosed sum in Educbank Gestão de Pagamentos Educacionais S.A.Educbank is a financial ecosystem dedicated to K-12 schools, intended to expand access to quality education in Brazil through services’ management and financial support to educational institutions by providing payment guarantees to school tuitions.According to the agreement, the investment will be made in installments over two years upon subscription of new Educbank shares.The closing of the transaction is subject to certain conditions precedent, including the approval by the Brazilian antitrust authority.The investment will enable Vasta to tap the K-12 tuition payment means, with the total payment volume (TPV) estimated at R$70 billion per year.Price Action: VSTA shares are trading lower by 4.60% at $4.56 on the last check Friday.See more from BenzingaStarbucks Reopens China Stores: BloombergMohawk Acquires Vitromex Ceramic Tile Business For $293M CashDon't miss real-time alerts on your stocks - join Benzinga Pro for free! Try the tool that will help you invest smarter, faster, and better.© 2022 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.",,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/vasta-invests-edubank-tap-k-155700974.html
2022-06-03 15:54:00,"Weekend reads: If you agree that inflation has peaked, buy stocks in this sector","Also, recommended value stocks, small-cap stocks and coverage of inflation, the Fed and good news for companies that have exited Russia.","^GSPC,FB",https://finance.yahoo.com/m/4ed8ebda-5283-362e-8da8-603e5a44ee9e/weekend-reads-if-you-agree.html
2022-06-03 15:54:00,Asana’s Earnings Were Solid. Here’s Why the Stock Is Falling.,The company said it allocated more resources to hiring customer-facing teams but will now slow down versus the beginning of the year.,ASAN,https://finance.yahoo.com/m/fc2acb70-2162-36c6-b5c4-348f1144ac19/asana%E2%80%99s-earnings-were-solid-.html
2022-06-03 15:51:03,Here's Why Investor Should Retain Sonoco (SON) Stock Now,"Sonoco Products Company SON is benefiting from robust end-market demand and a strong recovery in price and cost across most of its businesses. The Ball Metalpack acquisition, productivity initiatives and improved volume/mix are likely to aid the company’s margin. Focus on increasing investment in its core consumer and industrial businesses and pricing actions will drive growth. However, foreign currency translation, higher costs and non-recurring COVID-related incentives will dent results.Positive Earnings Surprise History: Sonoco, carrying a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold), has a trailing four-quarter average earnings surprise of 1.85%. The company has an estimated long-term earnings growth rate of 5%.Positive Growth Expectations: The Zacks Consensus Estimate for 2022 earnings is currently pegged at $5.38, indicating year-over-year growth of 51.5%. In the past 60 days, earnings estimate for the current year has gone up by 10%.Upbeat Guidance: For 2022, the company expects adjusted earnings per share (EPS) to be between $5.25 and $5.45. Sonoco had earlier provided adjusted EPS guidance of $4.60-$4.80 for the year. Robust demand, positive price/cost, productivity initiatives, improvement in volume/mix, benefit from lower interest expenses and reduced shares outstanding are likely to impact bottom-line results in 2022.Underpriced: Considering Sonoco’s price-to-earnings ratio, shares are underpriced at the current level, which is attractive for investors. The company has a trailing P/E ratio of 13.4, below the industry average of 14.5.Valuation is Inexpensive: The company’s trailing 12-month EV/EBITDA ratio is 6.6 compared with the industry's average trailing 12-month EV/EBITDA ratio of 19.5.Price PerformanceShares of Sonoco have gained 5.3% in the past three months compared with the industry's growth of 4.6%.Zacks Investment ResearchImage Source: Zacks Investment ResearchOther Growth Drivers in PlaceSonoco’s Consumer Packaging segment is primarily benefiting from the Metal Packaging acquisition. This buyout supports U.S customers’ rising preference for metal packaging due to its inherent attributes of recyclability and sustainability. The segment’s flexible packaging business is gaining from strong demand for confectionery, food service and other food products. Plastic food packaging reflects higher demand in the fresh and prepared food markets.  Demand for Industrial Paper Packaging products has returned to pre-pandemic levels in most of the global markets. The company’s industrial-served markets will gain from strong demand for global tubes, cores and cones. Due to supply chain challenges, the company decided to delay the conversion of its Hartsville paper machine to the third quarter of 2022. This delay is expected to cause less downtime and will provide favorable results in the Industrial Paper Packaging segment in the second quarter of 2022.SON’s ThermoSafe cold chain packaging business will continue to gain traction from strong demand for temperature-assured packaging, retail security packaging, industrial plastics, and molded foam components. Its plastics business, which serves the healthcare industry, will benefit from improved demand for elective surgeries.Sonoco is focused on increasing investment in its core consumer and industrial businesses and achieving an annual EBITDA of $1 billion by 2026. It will spend around $25 million in the capital on the Metal Packaging business this year, including increasing two-piece production in Milwaukee and Chestnut Hill facilities. Given the strong demand for food product and services, SON will invest $60 million over the next two years in its flexible packaging operations. Sonoco is focused on growing in niche food markets and launching new products with new customers.Sonoco is focused on driving profitable growth, margin expansion and generating solid free cash flow. Its balance sheet strength and availability of substantial liquidity in cash and revolving credit facilities will stoke growth.  The company is implementing aggressive price actions across its businesses to counter higher raw material and non-material inflation. SON’s focus on optimizing businesses through productivity improvement and standardization will also aid results in the near term.However, Sonoco will continue to bear the brunt of raw material, energy and freight cost pressures and the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on global supply chains. Unfavorable impacts of foreign currency translation, non-recurring COVID-related incentives and increased SG&A expenses are likely to dent the company’s performance.Story continuesStocks to ConsiderSome better-ranked stocks in the Industrial Products sector are Graphic Packaging Holding Company GPK, Myers Industries MYE and Packaging Corporation of America PKG.  While GPK and MYE flaunt a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), PKG carries a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy). You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here.Graphic Packaging has an estimated earnings growth rate of 86.8% for the current year. In the past 60 days, the Zacks Consensus Estimate for current-year earnings has been revised upward by 7.6%.Graphic Packaging pulled off a trailing four-quarter earnings surprise of 7.2%, on average. The company’s shares have appreciated 14.8% in a year.Myers Industries has an expected earnings growth rate of 67% for 2022. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for the current year’s earnings has moved up 27% in the past 60 days.MYE has a trailing four-quarter earnings surprise of 20.1%, on average. Myers Industries’ shares have gained 13% in the past year.Packaging Corporation has an expected earnings growth rate of 16.2% for 2022. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for the current year’s earnings rose 4.2% in the past 60 days.PKG has a trailing four-quarter earnings surprise of 19.6%, on average. Packaging Corporation’s shares have gained 4% in the past year.Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Sonoco Products Company (SON) : Free Stock Analysis Report Packaging Corporation of America (PKG) : Free Stock Analysis Report Graphic Packaging Holding Company (GPK) : Free Stock Analysis Report Myers Industries, Inc. (MYE) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research","GPK,PKG,MYE,SON",https://finance.yahoo.com/news/heres-why-investor-retain-sonoco-155103117.html
2022-06-03 15:46:03,Implied Volatility Surging for Lumen Technologies (LUMN) Stock Options,"Investors in Lumen Technologies LUMN need to pay close attention to the stock based on moves in the options market lately. That is because the Jun 3, 2022 $2.50 Call had some of the highest implied volatility of all equity options today.What is Implied Volatility?Implied volatility shows how much movement the market is expecting in the future. Options with high levels of implied volatility suggest that investors in the underlying stocks are expecting a big move in one direction or the other. It could also mean there is an event coming up soon that may cause a big rally or a huge sell-off. However, implied volatility is only one piece of the puzzle when putting together an options trading strategy.What do the Analysts Think?Clearly, options traders are pricing in a big move for Lumen Technologies shares, but what is the fundamental picture for the company? Currently, Lumen Technologies is a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold) in the Technology Services industry that ranks in the Bottom 34% of our Zacks Industry Rank. Over the last 30 days, four analysts have increased their earnings estimates for the current quarter, while one analyst has revised the estimate downward. The net effect has taken our Zacks Consensus Estimate for the current quarter from 43 cents per share to 44 cents in that period.Given the way analysts feel about Lumen Technologies right now, this huge implied volatility could mean there’s a trade developing. Oftentimes, options traders look for options with high levels of implied volatility to sell premium. This is a strategy many seasoned traders use because it captures decay. At expiration, the hope for these traders is that the underlying stock does not move as much as originally expected.Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Lumen Technologies, Inc. (LUMN) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research",LUMN,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/implied-volatility-surging-lumen-technologies-154603630.html
2022-06-03 15:45:03,Why Prosperity Bancshares (PB) is a Top Dividend Stock for Your Portfolio,"All investors love getting big returns from their portfolio, whether it's through stocks, bonds, ETFs, or other types of securities. However, when you're an income investor, your primary focus is generating consistent cash flow from each of your liquid investments.Cash flow can come from bond interest, interest from other types of investments, and of course, dividends. A dividend is that coveted distribution of a company's earnings paid out to shareholders, and investors often view it by its dividend yield, a metric that measures the dividend as a percent of the current stock price. Many academic studies show that dividends account for significant portions of long-term returns, with dividend contributions exceeding one-third of total returns in many cases.Prosperity Bancshares in FocusBased in Houston, Prosperity Bancshares (PB) is in the Finance sector, and so far this year, shares have seen a price change of 1.05%. Currently paying a dividend of $0.52 per share, the company has a dividend yield of 2.85%. In comparison, the Banks - Southwest industry's yield is 1.35%, while the S&P 500's yield is 1.53%.Taking a look at the company's dividend growth, its current annualized dividend of $2.08 is up 4.5% from last year. Prosperity Bancshares has increased its dividend 5 times on a year-over-year basis over the last 5 years for an average annual increase of 10.08%. Future dividend growth will depend on earnings growth as well as payout ratio, which is the proportion of a company's annual earnings per share that it pays out as a dividend. Prosperity Bancshares's current payout ratio is 38%. This means it paid out 38% of its trailing 12-month EPS as dividend.PB is expecting earnings to expand this fiscal year as well. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for 2022 is $5.66 per share, which represents a year-over-year growth rate of 1.07%.Bottom LineFrom greatly improving stock investing profits and reducing overall portfolio risk to providing tax advantages, investors like dividends for a variety of different reasons. However, not all companies offer a quarterly payout.For instance, it's a rare occurrence when a tech start-up or big growth business offers their shareholders a dividend. It's more common to see larger companies with more established profits give out dividends. Income investors must be conscious of the fact that high-yielding stocks tend to struggle during periods of rising interest rates. With that in mind, PB is a compelling investment opportunity. Not only is it a strong dividend play, but the stock currently sits at a Zacks Rank of 3 (Hold).Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Prosperity Bancshares, Inc. (PB) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here.",PB,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/why-prosperity-bancshares-pb-top-154503994.html
2022-06-03 15:45:03,Why Northeast Community Bancorp (NECB) is a Top Dividend Stock for Your Portfolio,"All investors love getting big returns from their portfolio, whether it's through stocks, bonds, ETFs, or other types of securities. However, when you're an income investor, your primary focus is generating consistent cash flow from each of your liquid investments.Cash flow can come from bond interest, interest from other types of investments, and of course, dividends. A dividend is that coveted distribution of a company's earnings paid out to shareholders, and investors often view it by its dividend yield, a metric that measures the dividend as a percent of the current stock price. Many academic studies show that dividends account for significant portions of long-term returns, with dividend contributions exceeding one-third of total returns in many cases.Northeast Community Bancorp in FocusBased in White Plains, Northeast Community Bancorp (NECB) is in the Finance sector, and so far this year, shares have seen a price change of 0.27%. Currently paying a dividend of $0.24 per share, the company has a dividend yield of 2.15%. In comparison, the Banks - Northeast industry's yield is 2.33%, while the S&P 500's yield is 1.53%.Taking a look at the company's dividend growth, its current annualized dividend of $0.24 is up 18.8% from last year. Northeast Community Bancorp has increased its dividend 1 times on a year-over-year basis over the last 5 years for an average annual increase of 16.32%. Future dividend growth will depend on earnings growth as well as payout ratio, which is the proportion of a company's annual earnings per share that it pays out as a dividend. Northeast Community Bancorp's current payout ratio is 28%. This means it paid out 28% of its trailing 12-month EPS as dividend.NECB is expecting earnings to expand this fiscal year as well. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for 2022 is $1.11 per share, which represents a year-over-year growth rate of 48%.Bottom LineFrom greatly improving stock investing profits and reducing overall portfolio risk to providing tax advantages, investors like dividends for a variety of different reasons. However, not all companies offer a quarterly payout.For instance, it's a rare occurrence when a tech start-up or big growth business offers their shareholders a dividend. It's more common to see larger companies with more established profits give out dividends. Income investors must be conscious of the fact that high-yielding stocks tend to struggle during periods of rising interest rates. With that in mind, NECB presents a compelling investment opportunity; it's not only an attractive dividend play, but the stock also boasts a strong Zacks Rank of #2 (Buy).Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Northeast Community Bancorp Inc. (NECB) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research",NECB,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/why-northeast-community-bancorp-necb-154503688.html
2022-06-03 15:45:03,Why First Industrial Realty Trust (FR) is a Top Dividend Stock for Your Portfolio,"All investors love getting big returns from their portfolio, whether it's through stocks, bonds, ETFs, or other types of securities. But when you're an income investor, your primary focus is generating consistent cash flow from each of your liquid investments.While cash flow can come from bond interest or interest from other types of investments, income investors hone in on dividends. A dividend is that coveted distribution of a company's earnings paid out to shareholders, and investors often view it by its dividend yield, a metric that measures the dividend as a percent of the current stock price. Many academic studies show that dividends make up large portions of long-term returns, and in many cases, dividend contributions surpass one-third of total returns.First Industrial Realty Trust in FocusHeadquartered in Chicago, First Industrial Realty Trust (FR) is a Finance stock that has seen a price change of -18.7% so far this year. The real estate investment trust is currently shelling out a dividend of $0.29 per share, with a dividend yield of 2.19%. This compares to the REIT and Equity Trust - Other industry's yield of 3.46% and the S&P 500's yield of 1.53%.Taking a look at the company's dividend growth, its current annualized dividend of $1.18 is up 9.3% from last year. In the past five-year period, First Industrial Realty Trust has increased its dividend 5 times on a year-over-year basis for an average annual increase of 7.03%. Future dividend growth will depend on earnings growth as well as payout ratio, which is the proportion of a company's annual earnings per share that it pays out as a dividend. First Industrial Realty Trust's current payout ratio is 58%. This means it paid out 58% of its trailing 12-month EPS as dividend.Looking at this fiscal year, FR expects solid earnings growth. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for 2022 is $2.16 per share, representing a year-over-year earnings growth rate of 9.64%.Story continuesBottom LineFrom greatly improving stock investing profits and reducing overall portfolio risk to providing tax advantages, investors like dividends for a variety of different reasons. It's important to keep in mind that not all companies provide a quarterly payout.Big, established firms that have more secure profits are often seen as the best dividend options, but it's fairly uncommon to see high-growth businesses or tech start-ups offer their stockholders a dividend. Income investors must be conscious of the fact that high-yielding stocks tend to struggle during periods of rising interest rates. With that in mind, FR is a compelling investment opportunity. Not only is it a strong dividend play, but the stock currently sits at a Zacks Rank of 3 (Hold).Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report First Industrial Realty Trust, Inc. (FR) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here.",FR,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/why-first-industrial-realty-trust-154503279.html
2022-06-03 15:44:13,Caterpillar stock rallies to lead the Dow's gainers after analyst boosts price target,"Shares of Caterpillar Inc. rallied 1.1% in morning trading Friday to buck the selloff in the broader stock market, and enough to pace the Dow Jones Industrial Average's gainers. Analyst Michael Feniger at BofA Securities reiterated the neutral rating on the construction and mining equipment company (CAT) but raised the stock price target to $224 from $215. Feniger said a call with Caterpillar Group President of Resource Industries Denise Johnson was ""encouraging,"" as there were ""no signs of a sl","CAT,^DJI",https://finance.yahoo.com/m/a9d1e45e-cee9-3f84-8567-f0797cb87a13/caterpillar-stock-rallies-to.html
2022-06-03 15:43:03,Are Options Traders Betting on a Big Move in Shopify (SHOP) Stock?,"Investors in Shopify SHOP need to pay close attention to the stock based on moves in the options market lately. That is because the Jun 17, 2022 $260 Call had some of the highest implied volatility of all equity options today.What is Implied Volatility?Implied volatility shows how much movement the market is expecting in the future. Options with high levels of implied volatility suggest that investors in the underlying stocks are expecting a big move in one direction or the other. It could also mean there is an event coming up soon that may cause a big rally or a huge sell-off. However, implied volatility is only one piece of the puzzle when putting together an options trading strategy.What do the Analysts Think?Clearly, options traders are pricing in a big move for Shopify shares, but what is the fundamental picture for the company? Currently, Shopify is a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold) in the Internet - Services industry that ranks in the Bottom 33% of our Zacks Industry Rank. Over the last 60 days, no analysts have increased their earnings estimates for the current quarter, while one analyst has revised the estimate downward. The net effect has taken our Zacks Consensus Estimate for the current quarter from 87 cents per share to 84 cents in that period.Given the way analysts feel about Shopify right now, this huge implied volatility could mean there’s a trade developing. Oftentimes, options traders look for options with high levels of implied volatility to sell premium. This is a strategy many seasoned traders use because it captures decay. At expiration, the hope for these traders is that the underlying stock does not move as much as originally expected.Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Shopify Inc. (SHOP) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research",SHOP,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/options-traders-betting-big-move-154303025.html
2022-06-03 15:43:00,A Beaten-Down Biotech Stock That's Finally Attractive,"Biotech stocks are mired in a historic correction. Throughout 2020 and 2021 investors were bombarded with hype from trendy thematic exchange-traded funds and short-lived social-media celebrities. The correction shows that fundamentals still matter, drug development is difficult, and biotech is not tech.",TXG,https://finance.yahoo.com/m/aca84384-bd9f-38e6-bbb2-d2c2e76096a6/a-beaten-down-biotech-stock.html
2022-06-03 15:40:03,ASGN vs. DT: Which Stock Is the Better Value Option?,"Investors interested in Computers - IT Services stocks are likely familiar with ASGN Inc (ASGN) and Dynatrace (DT). But which of these two stocks is more attractive to value investors? We'll need to take a closer look to find out.We have found that the best way to discover great value opportunities is to pair a strong Zacks Rank with a great grade in the Value category of our Style Scores system. The Zacks Rank favors stocks with strong earnings estimate revision trends, and our Style Scores highlight companies with specific traits.ASGN Inc has a Zacks Rank of #2 (Buy), while Dynatrace has a Zacks Rank of #3 (Hold) right now. This system places an emphasis on companies that have seen positive earnings estimate revisions, so investors should feel comfortable knowing that ASGN is likely seeing its earnings outlook improve to a greater extent. But this is just one piece of the puzzle for value investors.Value investors analyze a variety of traditional, tried-and-true metrics to help find companies that they believe are undervalued at their current share price levels.The Value category of the Style Scores system identifies undervalued companies by looking at a number of key metrics. These include the long-favored P/E ratio, P/S ratio, earnings yield, cash flow per share, and a variety of other fundamentals that help us determine a company's fair value.ASGN currently has a forward P/E ratio of 14.75, while DT has a forward P/E of 53.91. We also note that ASGN has a PEG ratio of 0.96. This popular figure is similar to the widely-used P/E ratio, but the PEG ratio also considers a company's expected EPS growth rate. DT currently has a PEG ratio of 4.13.Another notable valuation metric for ASGN is its P/B ratio of 2.68. The P/B ratio is used to compare a stock's market value with its book value, which is defined as total assets minus total liabilities. For comparison, DT has a P/B of 9.05.Based on these metrics and many more, ASGN holds a Value grade of B, while DT has a Value grade of D.ASGN stands above DT thanks to its solid earnings outlook, and based on these valuation figures, we also feel that ASGN is the superior value option right now.Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report ASGN Incorporated (ASGN) : Free Stock Analysis Report Dynatrace, Inc. (DT) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research",DT,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/asgn-vs-dt-stock-better-154003171.html
2022-06-03 15:40:03,RRX vs. ETN: Which Stock Should Value Investors Buy Now?,"Investors interested in stocks from the Manufacturing - Electronics sector have probably already heard of Regal Beloit (RRX) and Eaton (ETN). But which of these two stocks presents investors with the better value opportunity right now? Let's take a closer look.The best way to find great value stocks is to pair a strong Zacks Rank with an impressive grade in the Value category of our Style Scores system. The proven Zacks Rank emphasizes companies with positive estimate revision trends, and our Style Scores highlight stocks with specific traits.Currently, Regal Beloit has a Zacks Rank of #2 (Buy), while Eaton has a Zacks Rank of #3 (Hold). This means that RRX's earnings estimate revision activity has been more impressive, so investors should feel comfortable with its improving analyst outlook. But this is just one factor that value investors are interested in.Value investors also try to analyze a wide range of traditional figures and metrics to help determine whether a company is undervalued at its current share price levels.The Value category of the Style Scores system identifies undervalued companies by looking at a number of key metrics. These include the long-favored P/E ratio, P/S ratio, earnings yield, cash flow per share, and a variety of other fundamentals that help us determine a company's fair value.RRX currently has a forward P/E ratio of 11.89, while ETN has a forward P/E of 18.74. We also note that RRX has a PEG ratio of 1.19. This popular metric is similar to the widely-known P/E ratio, with the difference being that the PEG ratio also takes into account the company's expected earnings growth rate. ETN currently has a PEG ratio of 1.70.Another notable valuation metric for RRX is its P/B ratio of 1.32. The P/B is a method of comparing a stock's market value to its book value, which is defined as total assets minus total liabilities. By comparison, ETN has a P/B of 3.37.These are just a few of the metrics contributing to RRX's Value grade of B and ETN's Value grade of C.RRX sticks out from ETN in both our Zacks Rank and Style Scores models, so value investors will likely feel that RRX is the better option right now.Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Regal Rexnord Corporation (RRX) : Free Stock Analysis Report Eaton Corporation, PLC (ETN) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research","RRX,ETN",https://finance.yahoo.com/news/rrx-vs-etn-stock-value-154003954.html
2022-06-03 15:40:03,HLIO vs. IEX: Which Stock Is the Better Value Option?,"Investors looking for stocks in the Manufacturing - General Industrial sector might want to consider either Helios Technologies (HLIO) or Idex (IEX). But which of these two stocks is more attractive to value investors? We'll need to take a closer look to find out.The best way to find great value stocks is to pair a strong Zacks Rank with an impressive grade in the Value category of our Style Scores system. The proven Zacks Rank emphasizes companies with positive estimate revision trends, and our Style Scores highlight stocks with specific traits.Right now, Helios Technologies is sporting a Zacks Rank of #2 (Buy), while Idex has a Zacks Rank of #3 (Hold). The Zacks Rank favors stocks that have recently seen positive revisions to their earnings estimates, so investors should rest assured that HLIO has an improving earnings outlook. But this is only part of the picture for value investors.Value investors analyze a variety of traditional, tried-and-true metrics to help find companies that they believe are undervalued at their current share price levels.The Value category of the Style Scores system identifies undervalued companies by looking at a number of key metrics. These include the long-favored P/E ratio, P/S ratio, earnings yield, cash flow per share, and a variety of other fundamentals that help us determine a company's fair value.HLIO currently has a forward P/E ratio of 15.91, while IEX has a forward P/E of 25.52. We also note that HLIO has a PEG ratio of 1.33. This popular figure is similar to the widely-used P/E ratio, but the PEG ratio also considers a company's expected EPS growth rate. IEX currently has a PEG ratio of 2.13.Another notable valuation metric for HLIO is its P/B ratio of 3.21. The P/B ratio pits a stock's market value against its book value, which is defined as total assets minus total liabilities. For comparison, IEX has a P/B of 5.14.These are just a few of the metrics contributing to HLIO's Value grade of B and IEX's Value grade of D.HLIO is currently sporting an improving earnings outlook, which makes it stick out in our Zacks Rank model. And, based on the above valuation metrics, we feel that HLIO is likely the superior value option right now.Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Helios Technologies, Inc (HLIO) : Free Stock Analysis Report IDEX Corporation (IEX) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here.",HLIO,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/hlio-vs-iex-stock-better-154003988.html
2022-06-03 15:40:03,DRVN vs. RACE: Which Stock Should Value Investors Buy Now?,"Investors interested in Automotive - Original Equipment stocks are likely familiar with Driven Brands Holdings Inc. (DRVN) and Ferrari (RACE). But which of these two stocks is more attractive to value investors? We'll need to take a closer look to find out.The best way to find great value stocks is to pair a strong Zacks Rank with an impressive grade in the Value category of our Style Scores system. The proven Zacks Rank emphasizes companies with positive estimate revision trends, and our Style Scores highlight stocks with specific traits.Currently, Driven Brands Holdings Inc. has a Zacks Rank of #2 (Buy), while Ferrari has a Zacks Rank of #4 (Sell). The Zacks Rank favors stocks that have recently seen positive revisions to their earnings estimates, so investors should rest assured that DRVN has an improving earnings outlook. But this is just one piece of the puzzle for value investors.Value investors analyze a variety of traditional, tried-and-true metrics to help find companies that they believe are undervalued at their current share price levels.The Value category of the Style Scores system identifies undervalued companies by looking at a number of key metrics. These include the long-favored P/E ratio, P/S ratio, earnings yield, cash flow per share, and a variety of other fundamentals that help us determine a company's fair value.DRVN currently has a forward P/E ratio of 26.27, while RACE has a forward P/E of 39.32. We also note that DRVN has a PEG ratio of 1.58. This metric is used similarly to the famous P/E ratio, but the PEG ratio also takes into account the stock's expected earnings growth rate. RACE currently has a PEG ratio of 3.49.Another notable valuation metric for DRVN is its P/B ratio of 2.91. The P/B ratio is used to compare a stock's market value with its book value, which is defined as total assets minus total liabilities. For comparison, RACE has a P/B of 13.94.These are just a few of the metrics contributing to DRVN's Value grade of B and RACE's Value grade of C.DRVN is currently sporting an improving earnings outlook, which makes it stick out in our Zacks Rank model. And, based on the above valuation metrics, we feel that DRVN is likely the superior value option right now.Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Driven Brands Holdings Inc. (DRVN) : Free Stock Analysis Report Ferrari N.V. (RACE) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here.","DRVN,RACE",https://finance.yahoo.com/news/drvn-vs-race-stock-value-154003934.html
2022-06-03 15:40:03,SIMO vs. AMBA: Which Stock Should Value Investors Buy Now?,"Investors interested in stocks from the Electronics - Semiconductors sector have probably already heard of Silicon Motion (SIMO) and Ambarella (AMBA). But which of these two stocks offers value investors a better bang for their buck right now? We'll need to take a closer look.We have found that the best way to discover great value opportunities is to pair a strong Zacks Rank with a great grade in the Value category of our Style Scores system. The proven Zacks Rank puts an emphasis on earnings estimates and estimate revisions, while our Style Scores work to identify stocks with specific traits.Currently, Silicon Motion has a Zacks Rank of #2 (Buy), while Ambarella has a Zacks Rank of #4 (Sell). This system places an emphasis on companies that have seen positive earnings estimate revisions, so investors should feel comfortable knowing that SIMO is likely seeing its earnings outlook improve to a greater extent. However, value investors will care about much more than just this.Value investors also try to analyze a wide range of traditional figures and metrics to help determine whether a company is undervalued at its current share price levels.Our Value category highlights undervalued companies by looking at a variety of key metrics, including the popular P/E ratio, as well as the P/S ratio, earnings yield, cash flow per share, and a variety of other fundamentals that have been used by value investors for years.SIMO currently has a forward P/E ratio of 14.12, while AMBA has a forward P/E of 53.19. We also note that SIMO has a PEG ratio of 1.57. This popular metric is similar to the widely-known P/E ratio, with the difference being that the PEG ratio also takes into account the company's expected earnings growth rate. AMBA currently has a PEG ratio of 6.32.Another notable valuation metric for SIMO is its P/B ratio of 5.18. Investors use the P/B ratio to look at a stock's market value versus its book value, which is defined as total assets minus total liabilities. By comparison, AMBA has a P/B of 5.99.Story continuesThese are just a few of the metrics contributing to SIMO's Value grade of B and AMBA's Value grade of F.SIMO is currently sporting an improving earnings outlook, which makes it stick out in our Zacks Rank model. And, based on the above valuation metrics, we feel that SIMO is likely the superior value option right now.Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Silicon Motion Technology Corporation (SIMO) : Free Stock Analysis Report Ambarella, Inc. (AMBA) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here.","SIMO,AMBA",https://finance.yahoo.com/news/simo-vs-amba-stock-value-154003878.html
